sentence,emotion
That game hurt.,sadness
Man I love reddit.,happiness
"Right? Considering its such an important document, I should know the damned thing backwards and forwards... thanks again for the help!",happiness
"He isn't as big, but he's still quite popular. I've heard the same thing about his content. Never watched him much.",disgust
That's crazy; I went to a super [RELIGION] high school and I think I can remember 2 girls the entire 4 years that became teen moms.,happiness
That's adorable asf.,happiness
"""Sponge Blurb Pubs Quaw Haha GURR ha AAa!"" finale is too real.",happiness
"I wanted to downvote this, but it's not your fault homie.",sadness
That is odd.,sadness
"I appreciate it, that's good to know. I hope I'll have to apply that knowledge one day.",happiness
Well then Id say you have a pretty good chance if its any girl lol.,surprise
Pretty much every Punjabi dude I've met.,happiness
For extra measure tape it right by your crotch so she can't take it for sexual assault reasons.,anger
What does Clemson give pride stickers for? Snaps played?,surprise
"""You may die, but it's a sacrifice I'm willing to make""",happiness
Now I'm wondering on what I've been missing out. Again thank you for this.,happiness
"""Seeeee! We have one of them coloureds too!""",happiness
"Yup, not anymore. Keep your blood sugar up! It really helps and DRINK water...",happiness
"Lots, play store or apple store vpn. Nord is good.",happiness
So happy for [NAME]. So sad he's not here. Imagine this team with [NAME] instead of [NAME]. Ugh.,disgust
"Dark and funny, but not really nice guy. He has yet to call the dead girls whores for declining to sleep with him. ",sadness
Im glad hes okay but Im even gladder its not that same gif of the guy ski/parachuting down a mountain.,happiness
Nice!! I'll try this one.,happiness
"I can't stand [NAME]. Especially since her ""tatooing my own face"" video. ",disgust
"I just came home, what the fuck is this lineup? I love you [NAME] you mad bastard !!!",happiness
"Go troll elsewhere. This woman needs support, not crass questions.",anger
"Just rumors online, it most likely won't happen.",anger
Na. Rediting my post. Sorry for the ignorance.,sadness
"Because the content creators don't deserve to be paid, your seconds spent listening to ads are too valuable!",surprise
"Pity. I had some decent lunches there, but never went there at night.",sadness
By far the coolest thing I've seen on this thread yet.,happiness
">not a cure-all. Since we don't have such a thing, is this not the next best option?",surprise
"If theres a pattern, yes.",happiness
"Oh whoops, I misread the original comment.",surprise
Sending love and strength vibes <3.,happiness
Shes like a kewpie doll with them. Precious.,happiness
"Not knowing what it is, for one thing.",surprise
Thanks for the info mate gonna watch out next time.,happiness
"Honestly at this point I don't think there's anything that will make me feel better. Maybe down the road, but right now nothing is helping. ",sadness
"There has to be some repercussions for this judge, right? Considering the crimes, that bail seems incredibly low...",disgust
Good old guardian refusing to accept that [NAME] is stauncly anti-EU and anti-Brussels.,anger
I dont even try to make shots like this myself. So I gotta watch other people make them.,sadness
Me too! First time in a couple of years!,happiness
Gotta protectem!,happiness
"Ironic. He could save others from secrecy-enabled corruption, but not himself.",surprise
"""Oh, how DARE you discuss the disgustingly unhealthy and dangerous lifestyle I pursue!"" /s.",anger
"Which totally makes it less funny for a person like me who has never seen this before, and laughed. ",happiness
"Thanks, it was no effort at all.",happiness
Damn. Thats profound. Did you graduate from Harvard?,happiness
Nice. I'll look around for it. Thanks!,happiness
Press fucken charges the moment they use your info.,anger
I love this woman.,happiness
Do you not give your snowmen brooms? I feel like that's a thing people do.,anger
"The service made it 20 years ago (1999, yeah ikr 1999 was 20 YEARS AGO?) ",happiness
I loved how [NAME] feels like everyone in the office is her family. Her relationship with [NAME] is so cute and innocent.,happiness
Then Im sorry but this game really isnt for you. Progression like that would ruin the base of what this game is.,sadness
Who exactly are their volunteers? The IRA?,happiness
Am I the only INTP here who cared about deadlines. It's how I got so good at crunch time and working last minute.,surprise
>Did you just call me a liar? Sick reference.,disgust
Shut up 15 year-old.,anger
It doesn't matter. You can pick someone with the #1 Pick that will never be any good...,disgust
I just got a shirt made that says I cant have kids my dog is allergic.,happiness
I thought it was very good. The guy was one sick bastard thats for sure.,happiness
This is kinda cute.,happiness
Best side quest ever!,happiness
Calm down.,anger
I wanted to know if theres was another like meaning to the whole selfie thing not if she liked me or not.,happiness
"You're both wrong NBA is an initialism, can't be pronounced as a word. Oh man I love reddit.",disgust
Started feeling smug about my short showers but then remembered just how small my water heater is.,happiness
I didn't like the family ending but I liked the Atlantis ending especially as we know we are going to see more of it in DLC2.,happiness
"Agree. Keep trying, then if your rejected every time. I'm sorry your done.",happiness
Is he dead now from a tragic drowning accident? Asking for a friend.,sadness
What? The claim is 2018 best shooters. Not overall best shooters.,happiness
"That's professor [NAME] to you, savage!",disgust
Let go or you will be dragged.,happiness
No we're getting Kinsler and be happy with it.,happiness
Of course he will lie cheat and steal to make him self relevant to the public. Horrible person.,sadness
"That's if you make the smallest payments possible, but if you just need to float a payment, then they will work. ",happiness
Be ready to Experience Canes Hockey.,happiness
"I mean thats a stupid rule that creates an echo chamber, but I dont see how that belongs here.",anger
Shockingly close to reality.,surprise
Hypocritical is pot calling the kettle genocide.,disgust
I love that smile of his!!!!,happiness
Political affiliations has only little correlation to individual intellectual ability.,happiness
"That's just....sorry, but stupid is the only correct word.",happiness
Omg lala a housewife I cant even imagine!,surprise
Love that car.,happiness
Great for him to admit it. Not many people are that humble.,happiness
Looks like a classic subluxation; that guy needs to get to the chiropractor!,happiness
"[NAME] has always favoured [NAME] so I'd assume this means he's the next up, I just prefer [NAME] and find [NAME] a little overrated.",anger
Its the format. Its like one of those bad [NAME] memes.,disgust
"Yes, at home recuperating from a fractured ankle. ",anger
Thank you for being willing to learn.,happiness
You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. Im glad it worked.,happiness
Can you link the apologies? Or do they not actually exist?,happiness
"*and, sorry for the spelling mistake.",sadness
How many kids do you see? xs :su.,happiness
"Funny, the right only seems to say this about women and people of color ",happiness
Great! Can't wait :).,happiness
I can't believe he got it while getting man-handled by two players!!,sadness
Hes been going to a restaurant for 40 years and forgot what it looked like and where it was.. uh huh.,sadness
Cant wait to hear a hot take from the second dumbest people who ever loved ([NAME] ots the first if you are asking).,happiness
Because [NAME] had a foot injury that I think he sustained at practice for the second half of the year.,happiness
"Yeah, I read that the first time. Nobody is forcing you, other than yourself.",surprise
Yo STOP going on your roof on dxm man you don't want to fall and hurt yourself.,happiness
Then YOU go right ahead...support and guide him.,happiness
Lmao you fart bigger to cover up the first one.,happiness
Lol. Build your own or make some tweaks to the printer.,anger
I've never seen him play so hard on defense. This feels different this time is all I'm saying...,sadness
"This is r/tifu. If you're not caught jacking it into the turkey, you're doing it wrong. ",happiness
Got it! Thank you!,happiness
So using your figures here we make 12 billion in tax from the EU company's selling in to the uk. We save a further 9billion on fees to the EU.,happiness
Gotta eliminate the competition. It's Just Good Business.,happiness
Lol I hate this too!,happiness
"Ones with close ties to SA, anyway. An escaped apostate won't exactly be itching to run home.",disgust
How does asperger feel like.,happiness
You're welcome :).,happiness
I really like this ring so Im glad to hear that.,happiness
The [NAME] are all laughing at each other. They are divided. We need to strike them down while they are weak.,happiness
Allow me to describe the shock and awe I experienced seeing this: **Fuck no why u do this?**.,anger
"Integrated, Antwaarps speaking, second generation, not already wearing a scarf back then... unlikely. ",disgust
Rahway Mechanical LLC should be able to. Great guy.,happiness
"Ending the quarter with some point [NAME] action, I love it ",happiness
Also Republicanism is a belief system. It's taught and handed down like religion. Conservative talk radio is its evangelism.,happiness
His traps hide the fucking sun.,anger
"Only thing TO know is that this motherfucker is obviously living his best birdy life and good for him. Fly high little buddy, fly high. ",anger
I love this sub reddit ,happiness
>fail at reading comprehension >Other guy must be a troll _()_/.,disgust
"The possibilities are fascinating. In other times, I'd be enjoying watching the lawyers argue...!",happiness
"I found that after particularly bad games I feel the need to smoke more weed, like a cigarette after a carcrash IMO.",happiness
"Sure but what are you basing that off of? If [NAME] is the best jump-ball receiver, wouldn't that make him the best red zone receiver?",surprise
I dont think they really thought through the ramifications of putting a bunch of angry women through rigorous physical exercise with weapons. That uprising would be glorious!,happiness
Sorry just seemed like you were trying to make it a [NAME] thing.,sadness
People who hate [NAME] really really hate him. Its quite fascinating.,surprise
Terrifyingly accurate bot.,happiness
If you're in the Bay Area check out Flying Over Walls.,happiness
We all lose it too fast from time to time...but you have to make up for it. Hope it gets better.,happiness
"Thank you for your open mind. Stay strong, fight the good fight, and stay educated.",happiness
"This is why you play runescape as a kid, it teaches how to trust no one that offers free rune plate trimming.",happiness
Thank you. People always forget that The Happiest Days of Our Lives is essentially part of that song.,happiness
Drunk and crying in bed with my pets. :|.,sadness
Especially with the way they got rid of him... no real fanfare at all...,happiness
So wrong. Most every denomination believes they are the only ones who are doing it right and everyone else is going to rot in hell.,anger
"Just got back from TWC, and they were great! Thank you. 90% they were fried. Will try these others next ",happiness
"Something's wrong. The top post on r/conspiracy isn't completely anti-conspiracy? Wow, feels weird. /s(?).",surprise
I bought the double barrel and fully upgraded it and now it's one of my favorite guns.,happiness
Makes me sad I'll never be with a beautiful woman.,sadness
What makes you say that?,anger
"Second, you accuse everyone who didn't ignore you of being a Russian propaganda poster.",anger
Go play Farmville if you can't keep it up.,anger
Hmmm I dont think I listen to only [NAME] if I last checked. These arent INTP playlists they're just playlists I like as an INTP.,disgust
I think the Chiefs need to get [NAME] so their defense is weak enough for us to beat them.,surprise
What a rollercoaster.,happiness
Y i k e s.,sadness
I love democracy.,happiness
I was actually introduced to hbomb and breadtube in general Becuase of [NAME] vid on ds2. So thanks [NAME]?,happiness
"I love these blobs, would have done the same thing.",happiness
I would of gone to the doctor way before that.,surprise
"Weird how the cops can pick and choose which laws to enforce and when, but I guess that explains a lot.",happiness
">Take a payday loan, smoke some meth, buy a shitload of guns. Tell me which ideology this is and I'm sold.",anger
It's not collapsing.,disgust
This is me and my wife. She squeals with delight whenever it snows and I start looking for property in Arizona.,happiness
Tis nothing but a scratch.,sadness
I wanna die!,happiness
"Fucking monophanie looking ass floating with the dead, nice.",happiness
No worries! Hope you enjoy it as much as I have! :).,happiness
"Youre right. My biggest pet peeve is the lights, it washes out all the colors and textures, I hate that BGs use them.",happiness
>The ABCs hard-hitting investigation :/ Such a sad article.,sadness
"And only $300+ a night, beautiful but expensive.",surprise
Y'all really out here supporting authoritarian Venezuelan dictators huh.,surprise
Exactly. Stop talking and let the adults speak u/MeatheadVernacular.,happiness
Thanks for contributing to the advertising.,happiness
Great start to the post-All-Star game part of the campaign!,happiness
"All the signs, except his username, seemed legit. I also clicked. Now I just want to forget all about what I've just seen...",happiness
Would you rather I hadn't posted this article? Don't want to talk about it?,anger
"Hand ur phone to a buddy and let them send the text asking her out. Worst thing is she says no, but it's better then not knowing ",disgust
This one tilted concrete square in my neighborhood that I keep fucking tripping over.,anger
My late [NAME] kept bank suckers for low blood sugar.,anger
"[NAME]: ""I wish I won't get robbed of a victory again"" [one finger of the monkeys paw curls].",happiness
"No biggie, dude, sorry I got all triggered, I just reeeally love [NAME] ",happiness
"Ugh I have to hope the god damn Leafs win tonight, what a world it is we're living in. ",happiness
Beautiful play by [NAME]. Dude gets better every game he plays.,happiness
Awkwardly remembering all of those promises I made mid-panic attack...,happiness
"Now I'm wondering if [NAME] drinks, and if he's ever been inebriated during one of his deals.",happiness
Thats whats its called or what SHES called?,happiness
Ya I thought that was odd too. I wouldve guessed [NAME] before doing this.,disgust
Don't understand the question. Obviously you make up the rules in the middle of the game.,anger
Ive already tried praying for vagina - you will find me on my knees LOL.,happiness
Disgusting!!! Where were the adults? The adults probably felt proud of their sons. Fucken toxic culture.,anger
That most of the fandom does not get that reference is depressing.,sadness
It's always been Marfeles. Was 30 years ago when I first visited.,happiness
"Same here OP, reading some of these stories makes me want to hug my DM for being a decent human being as well as a solid DM.",happiness
That's awesome!! Look forward to watching this kids progress in year 2.,happiness
"Hey now, dont try to have the guy killed. This is an upstanding sub. ",anger
Looks like complete slop with 4 turds thrown on top. ,anger
"Got it, thanks for clearing it up.",happiness
The ending was awesome.,happiness
No going back after switching to a safety razor. Even the most expensive blades are 10x+ cheaper than Gillette.,disgust
I thought I was the only one.,surprise
Bringing it up now because you and many like you made this sub a hostile environment for voices of reason. Eat crow.,anger
This is why we love Football!!!,happiness
 I wanted her to be on the top 4; now weve heard plenty of times [NAME] mentioned so pretty sure aint gonna happen.,happiness
Pure gold!,happiness
He didn't blow anything. She blew it with him. What a fun guy!,happiness
This is not looking good for China's typical method of say whatever the other side wants to hear then do nothing.,sadness
Im 13 I can't get a job..,sadness
I'm just saying you are demanding things of us while being nasty yourself.,anger
"Yes, you said you are dying, I cannot do anything about that, hope you find peace.",happiness
I really love that game devs are started to put these references in games.,happiness
"Look [NAME], those curly q's on your face make me so hot I can't think straight.",anger
Opposing ethnonationalism and private property is hardly a weird hill for an anarchism to defend.,happiness
Well they called and said there was a pricing discrepancy and they could not honor it.  sad day.,sadness
It's the great irony of The Resistance. It's hard to be a rebel when most of the powerful institutions of the country are on your side.,happiness
Did you noticed they removed my post? Yep.,anger
"Ah yes, the poison. The worst part of any poisoning. ",anger
"Yeah, and there's no better way to make a market more competitive than to regulate it more...",surprise
What a douche canoe to take advantage of you like that.,anger
"TAKE ME TO YOUR CRYPT, I WANT TO PAY MY RESPECTS!",anger
Man I hate kids.,anger
"Yeah I know, its just wishful thinking but I would be ecstatic if it came out today.",happiness
It's good worrying about things that can be helped. Lol.,happiness
In my experience its always [NAME]' Mine.,happiness
My mistake. I just glanced over your last post.,sadness
[NAME] damn it I'm so tired of seeing Instagram between fights.,anger
Well being told from a young age that us chubby dudes are not allowed to get the girl ever. Thats is why im asking.,happiness
You guys are so cute together! Good luck with the de-stressing!,happiness
"Ugly truth is, if you didnt want to be stopped you wouldnt tell anyone. It will pass. Stay strong :).",surprise
"I know the feeling, but youre not disgusting. Happy new year!",happiness
"Youre thinking agnosticism, atheism is a faith based position ",happiness
Gotta go fast! [NAME].,happiness
Would feel weird swiping right on a leftie.,disgust
TL;DR No more Superbowls for [NAME]. Get ready for another winning season that ends in disappointment.,sadness
There's not enough salt in the world for her!,disgust
Yeah thank you. I think I would want to know exactly what they didnt like so I know what I can improve on.,happiness
Idgaf anymore. I lost all hope in moids. I'll keep looksmaxxing for myself.,sadness
"Oh, okay.",happiness
Be single for a while and get your mind right before being with either of them or anybody else.,happiness
Grammar jokes be* my favourite.,happiness
Whoops yeah my bad And no just from the pictures ive seen there were just u opened sauce packets arranged on platters.,sadness
"Its not so much the heat, its the humidity thatll kill you.",happiness
Why is [NAME] smile at the beginning the best part of this whole thing?!,happiness
Who still unironically says SJWs? You look like an idiot saying that.,anger
I genuinely dont want to lose you I love having you there for me says it all really.,happiness
For real! It was like a shining beacon in the night!,happiness
Im glad I had a few margaritas before I read this.,happiness
Man.. all I know is if Im with a girl and she whips out a condom from her FUCKING SHOE its a no from me dog.,disgust
I guess Ill stay friends with her. Heck Im a guy I can take a hit if she wouldnt date.,happiness
Oh that's lovely.,happiness
"I'm really worried :( I sent a DM to them, I hope they will be okay... ",happiness
"I have considered that, and if is possible, I will see where it leads me, thanks.",happiness
Anybody think maybe were the mystery team in on [NAME]? At this point I wouldnt be surprised.,happiness
Dear OP: Proper punctuation please/thank you.,happiness
Yes. One of her fingers is getting a sore on it and theres concern it may push her into needing braces.,fear
They all have these same moronic talking points that they memorized. It's hilarious. I hear them all the time.,happiness
Right? The dollar values just double and two daily doubles.,happiness
Thats not true. She represents those who voted her into power.,disgust
I'm so fucking dead!!!!!!!,sadness
BUT WHY DOES SHE DO A FULL FACE/EYE LOOK THEN SKIP THE MASCARA?!?!! This has been driving me nuts.,surprise
Stop. What are you doing? Stop. ,happiness
I give 90 percent odds that [NAME] will be reelected. And I think it will be at a much higher margin than 2016.,happiness
Wow I bet someone would look at this and get inspired to make a movie about aliens with [NAME].,happiness
"Yes the ammo health thing really is a chore. Too much realism. we want have some fun in a realistic setting, not a simulator. ",happiness
I think: Congrats! That baby will now have loving parents.,happiness
Thats me! Got it at the sens store by 304.,happiness
That almost makes her seem like an actual human being.,sadness
"Dont know why I didnt think of that..but hey thanks, hero!",surprise
Damage values would be fantastic. I also really appreciate having detailed kit information. We no longer use attachments so listing specializations would be nice.,happiness
No it hasn't.,disgust
Been spot on so far.,sadness
I have a deep seeded hatred for close-minded people too.,anger
"Post saved! That looks like a great exercise to try, thank you. ",happiness
"Look [NAME] is here ""Where the fuck was he an hour ago, gary, where!?""",anger
"TBH I would definitely wear this with my denim jacket, but I wouldn't buy a huge lathe and carving tools to make it. ",happiness
State of [NAME] trying to be funny and spelling lose wrong.,anger
>They split up 5 years later after an extremely messy situation with Dr [NAME]. Very very long story. I would like to hear this story.,disgust
Have a look at the decks from the latest weplay tournament and if theres anything you like the look of.,happiness
"I am glad I found this subreddit ""gatekepping"" is a phenomenon vocab btw.",happiness
"I don't really know how to explain because English is not my first language, I'm sorry.",surprise
I always thought of the sound of lakes freezing on cold nights. It's pretty surreal in itself.,happiness
That sucks! Your lady giblets are NONE of her damn business. Does your BF at least try to curb her mouth?,anger
Everything was flagged as adult so there wouldn't have been much left.,happiness
Dude people here can be assholes. theres nothing wrong with taking a break.,anger
Looks like one of mine too. Such a horribly raised entitled rude brat.,sadness
"You will miss 100% of the shots you dont take, you just gotta take a chance and see.",happiness
[NAME] was far from an assassin. She had one amazing performance but that was it.,happiness
What a wonderful world.,happiness
This sounds dumb but do I worry about [NAME] value at all if [NAME] is a [NAME]? Obviously I steel keep [NAME].,surprise
It was a poor choice of words.,disgust
"My dad makes that joke ""I have to fight anorexia"", his BMI is 31...",happiness
Oh wow I love this!,happiness
I like hearing about these positive encounters.,happiness
I like seeing this. There is hope. I want to hug this guy. He'll be allright.,happiness
Lets just say its probably cheaper to just hope a more positive outlook reflects on your out-look.,happiness
He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!,anger
Are you top or bottom? I need to go under you real quick I'm gonna need you to take him on bar.,happiness
Meaning of life is to work 8h + a day and then convert your lifetime in coins you can spend on useless shit.,surprise
Maybe [NAME] needs to have a Big Mac meal and relax.,happiness
"We've had so many stories about [NAME], that we do NOT need any about Florida lady. LOL.",happiness
"2013 was Dunk City, right? Because that was incredible ",happiness
Id buy those shoes and walk in the dirtiest places just to piss [NAME] off.,anger
Self-deprecating humor is mainstream now. A lot of hot people now have hobbies and personality traits that were once almost synonymous with dumpy/nerdy/ugly people.,anger
You should have noped out of the whole thing the moment the racist with a racist character came into the picture.,disgust
That is a great video.,happiness
"AWWWWW, look at the little snowflake that cant take cyberbullying and thinks others care!",anger
Happy New year!,happiness
I watched a really bad horror movie she starred in but I think it predated VPR.,fear
This is just a terrible joke.,anger
I've been watching too much my 600lb life...I instantly hear dr. [NAME].,sadness
"Can you snap a picture of that pinky in your butthole, friend? ",happiness
Looks gorgeous on u ,happiness
Counteracting my cold soul takes sacrifice.,happiness
Oh no [NAME] bb what is you doin?,happiness
There it is. I knew I wasn't the only one bothered by this.,happiness
Destroying the unrighteous to save the righteous is a righteous act. Therefore the great flood is an act of love. Whether it happened or didn't happen.,happiness
Please tell me how you feel about [NAME] and [NAME] again once you've finish with your manufactured outrage.,happiness
Filthy birdbrain-loving scum barely deserve the bullets needed to boot them off the mountain. Moreiya 4 life.,happiness
"Holy crap, I've never seen a picture of [NAME] so thin.",sadness
I wouldve LOVED to be a part of something like this as a kid!!,happiness
Why is it so hard for people to accept the word no? Jfc. She definitely deserved what she got lol.,happiness
"Wow, the Wizards are horrible ",sadness
Makes my skin crawl.,anger
Too busy being on that stupid ass mystery singer show.,anger
This same problem exists in playground as well.,happiness
"Yep, i think you should just try to be as honest as you can about how you feel, how it affects your daily life, etc.",happiness
ORaNgE MaN bAd AnD iS HiTlEr!!!! EvErYoNe I dOnT lIkE iS HiTlEr!,disgust
"Only the [NAME] do so. The rest of us have been exasperated with him for months, at least.",surprise
You are my beer god thank you haha.,happiness
"Lol I was just about to protest ""you can't know that!"" until I realized.....",happiness
"This is actually so funny, this is something id expect from Australian sports media since we're shit at broadcasting but lmao.",happiness
Geez those heroes..,happiness
"I knew I didn't like this guy when the NPR commentator said ""He's the best option for attorney general right now""",happiness
"""look at you... look at you..!"" Oh, I'm bawlin. ",happiness
Not seeing why that's depressing.,surprise
Thanks! Need to rewatch the series soon.,happiness
Oh my [NAME]. it was hurting my brain. i only saw the disappearing boot and thought i was missing something.,sadness
I thought that was a good pickup line.,sadness
The positive side to this is i get to relive the same emotions that I felt losing my virginity....ever few months.,happiness
Oh jeez. Just look at her eyes compared to the other girls.,surprise
Soooo [NAME] is f**ked.,sadness
"Yah, thanks...I've several times made mistake of getting excited b4 face to face..no more i say.",happiness
Cus the left doesn't give a shit about people who fought for the USA!,anger
"Whatever it is, not enough.",sadness
Sounds like a great way to accidentally fucking kill someone who might just be passing by.,disgust
I *want* to like R&M but people are making it really difficult.,anger
Thank you for the new obsession.,happiness
Not significantly bigger. UK is approximately the same size in terms of land mass as Romania right? Which isn't significantly bigger than Syria.,surprise
This just makes me feel inferior at this point.,sadness
Solid argument. Honestly this games a mess and impossible to balance for both sides equally.,happiness
That's got nothing to do with anything that's happened in this thread.,disgust
Love you comrade! <3 you should get a cool flair too.,happiness
Thank you. Ive got till next week to find out then :).,happiness
4Chan's ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to 4Chan.,happiness
Wish my life was this easy :) Lets just hope she didnt kill you.,happiness
Thank you! It sucks but not being a zombie is so worth it!,happiness
Does not look bad! Thnx!,happiness
Oh I can't wait until they have sole rights to our game.,happiness
Fcuk you.,anger
All the people in this thread are fucking disgusting.,disgust
Oh great so now i need a tv license or to watch in potato. This is piss poor.,happiness
True. I'm just glad I didn't have to go through my high school years we the her...,happiness
All the replies take his quote a little too seriously.,disgust
She is probably cheating on you. :(.,sadness
But but r/49ers said it was just bad luck!,sadness
So can relate. Hot to the point I hated feeling good because it wouldn't last. Might as well enjoy the moment!,happiness
IT cAn'T bE sExISt bEcAuSE iT's a mErItocRaCy. -tech bro assholes justifying gender discrimination and systemic sexism.,anger
"Whenever you get a smelly one, don't you feel ashamed? Like what disgusting thing did I do wrong?",happiness
I LITERALLY SAID THAT TO MY FRIEND.,happiness
"I didn't delete it. Your moderators did. But that's what [NAME] do, they ",disgust
This is what you get for starring in a mediocre movie.,anger
"OH DARN IT, THANKS FOR THE REMINDER MFER!!!",anger
"Yes, agreed. ",happiness
Whos vid is This?,happiness
"If reincarnation is real, I hope next time I have a name that's half as awesome as [NAME].",happiness
"Jfc, that's depressing.",fear
#IDidNotVoteForThisClown!,disgust
So it isnt pretty much the same? Glad you think Im right then.,happiness
Clever!!!,happiness
"That does help a bit, thanks.",happiness
Or you have msdn.,happiness
"That is great insight. Once mom is against you, youre done. ",happiness
Why did I get a boner reading this? That Magnesium supplement is doing its job methinks.,surprise
"You know what youre right, not with risking my CC info. Good thing I was too lazy to do it right away. ",happiness
"At least he's finally done one thing right. Utter fucking disappointment at every level, by every metric.",sadness
Glad to help!,happiness
"Depends, do you become so old and senile that you have dementia cant walk and shit.",anger
Two robocoughs what a good idea i love buying robocough by the case.,happiness
NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!,fear
Oh fuck I almost forgot to jerk off and smoke weed today. I'm so forgetful. Appreciate the reminder.,anger
If she loves the place shes at why leave? Theres something to be said for that. Idk your alls financial situation tho.,happiness
I will check him out thank you :).,happiness
Can't jab him outta this wind up unblockable lol.,happiness
"Ahh mate, come back any time and i'll make culturally inappropriate Third Reich gags and then we can get lit on bush chooks.",disgust
So hes gonna swear at you in Klingon?,happiness
"Im color blind, i usually see blue as purple and red as green soo...",sadness
What state and what size of city? Im curious if it's inner city of small town.,happiness
Doesnt matter does it? Its a joke. No need to get a designer/graphic artists involved to communicate the idea.,happiness
Good to know ED either doesnt affect this guy or hes projecting hard because its the worst thing he can try to handle.,happiness
"I got through it when I got home, thanks! :).",happiness
Oh you'd prefer if I used this pic instead? I understand.,surprise
I said stop though. Whats with right wingers and not understanding consent?,anger
"Id rather reply to you, simply because you sound like an idiot.",anger
Are you a twink?,surprise
"I cringed so much just reading that tweet, I didn't even make it to the comments. That's my fucking President. :(.",sadness
My wife is out for shabbos and I'm so lonely without her :(.,sadness
Having two world class GKs is amazing lol.,happiness
): hope the goose is okay ):!,happiness
I see. Thanks again for taking the time. I'm very isolated from the world so It's good to finally talk to someone about those things.,happiness
">more money than you I seriously, *seriously* doubt that. >doing something before this guys are outta the country Prove it.",anger
"Only blurred photos, but could be something I suppose. Here's to hoping.",happiness
If it wasn't him it would be someone else she's wasting her life on.,sadness
"Unfortunate for him, but I'm bringing up players. >AND they can just stop being a support.",sadness
Not in Missouri according to my friend who moved up there.,disgust
This is absolutely perfect.,happiness
"If its not raining, then GoBike is great. Only $15 for a month. ",happiness
Yeah it doesn't impact much except when they break and cause billions of dollars in damages and irreparable consequences to the wildlife.,disgust
Do you have a link to any news or something? I'd love to read more about it.,happiness
Sounds like you are the one with salty tears mate.,disgust
"I always suggest Laser Quest downtown, it's a blast!",happiness
You'll miss a begging old man asking for a spare coin. RIP.,sadness
"Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.",sadness
Yeah it was a fun game. :D.,happiness
"My nipples are rock hard right now, just ruined my shirt. ",anger
Lol good talk.,happiness
And now you manage a gym on base ..or..?,happiness
Im interested in the tactics and positional play lmao ;).,happiness
"I swear of all the people that dislike artifact, the gwent crew is by far the most obnoxious.",disgust
"Yep, it would be super easy. Honestly makes me regret not doing that to the flames sub... /S kind of.",happiness
Doesn't even make sense. You don't say dollars 5 so why put the dollar sign in front.,anger
I like [NAME] but he's biased. If he's planning to becoming a real journalist he needs to leave his bias at home.,disgust
"Dude, I'll be your friend any time. Especially if you got Steam/discord. I will link u to our friend group's server.",happiness
I didn't know that newborn babies eat and breathe through an umbilical cord. TIL.,surprise
"Nobody forced [NAME] to take [NAME] over [NAME], if he liked him that much then he shouldve just taken him.",happiness
"Wow, way to be gorgeous as yourself!",happiness
See but its so common an attitude that it didnt come off that way.,anger
"There have been some really good replies in this thread, I hope they help you too! :).",happiness
Yes thank you.,happiness
"Definitely. Once I discover their toxic personality, I couldn't care less about them.",happiness
You should come. You'd enjoy it.,happiness
Im in!,happiness
"More like a baptism, with sexy results!",happiness
Ill join your cause brother!,happiness
"Wow, we really live in future.",happiness
That glass woulda broken the truck ha.,happiness
Why do you say this? I'm genuinely curious.,happiness
You need HELP!,surprise
Im so sorry. You deserve so much better.,sadness
"Thank you! Were currently shoveling ourselves out of the driveway, hopefully well be going there soon.",happiness
This sub is becoming a Gamers rise up parody of itself. This is ridiculous.,anger
"If you had a giant rock on your land, and you couldn't stop people climbing, wouldn't you be pissed?",anger
Brutal piece!,disgust
"Oh hey, the actual answer.",surprise
"Yeah, [NAME] stans cannot get enough of it. In their little bubble [NAME] can outsmart a queen with experience in dealing with petty people. ",happiness
This is the noise I make in my girlfriends ear while yall are still scared to moan.,happiness
Yea Im into this I guess. So thanks for that(?).,happiness
I'm sorry that's what you read because it isn't what I said.,sadness
One of the gayest shirts I have ever seen...,happiness
"Yes, that's an interesting thing that I've been curious about ever since the merger. And the new party has pretty much purged the Wildrosers.",happiness
Not this subs fault the ((([NAME]))) is full of idiots.,anger
"> It's upsetting. What can be done? We'll have to take it to the high courts, let them decide!",surprise
Okay Ill call them tonight and cry on your behalf.,sadness
[NAME] damn it.,anger
Im glad you are here. You got this.,happiness
I once had a guy yell something obscene from the window of his truck and throw a half full beer can at me too... good times.,happiness
"The ""dad"" in that Pizza Hut commercial looks weird af.",sadness
I very happy with my character. I took my sweet ass time picking one that I liked.,happiness
But pretty much the entire Torah is in masculine language. Weak argument on their part.,surprise
I had forgotten it was coming up until I saw this. That us my level of excitement and anticipation.,happiness
"Lol, good luck with that, kid.",happiness
Look at that shit-eating grin.,anger
Bless you.,happiness
WHO WON THIS FIGHT My thoughts: neither side did a good job at explaining their positions and this entire interview was mostly useless.,sadness
Yeah its not like I want my cat to lick me in a sexual way thats just weird.,fear
Yes it is child abuse. Its sexist too.,sadness
"Rollin the green for 48 hours, weed will make you feel like you got awesome powers, like flight.",happiness
Welcome to the new normal.,happiness
"Sometimes, I feel bad if I don't every now and then. I mostly talk with her on SC/IG tho. ",sadness
"Enfp male here, I would love to find an INTJ girl and see if it works, which people tell me it could! ",happiness
"I love how you're getting downvoted for understanding ENTPs better than the ""ENTPs"" in this thread.",happiness
So true it hurts.,sadness
Ah I didn't know that. I meant this [NAME] ad:.,surprise
Not look much beautiful.,disgust
"Like [NAME] said at the very end of the stream, Youre still here and you can still do amazing things.",happiness
"Not probable, I study in the best university in my country, I don't want to stop at all.",happiness
I think Ill go ahead and continue criticizing silly unfounded and harmful beliefs.,happiness
I know but for that one moment he was more than that guy who snuck in [NAME] room at night and wore his helmet.,surprise
[NAME] gives me the weirdest boner. I love these guys.,happiness
Oh Im sorry. I assumed. I think that would be suspicious if your username was known to someone else.,surprise
That is definitely an unpopular opinion. Upvoted.,happiness
He is going to hate 2019...,anger
"Say what you want about me, I can take it... but stop slandering poor defenseless [NAME]...",anger
"If at first you dont succeed...welp, nevermind.",disgust
Fidget spinners are cool again.,happiness
You're gullible enough to believe them.,anger
"Morals aren't tied to religiosity, nor the absence of it.",disgust
"Awesome, thanks. Great answer.",happiness
"Sorry to hear that, I have it for ps4 and hardcore dlc servers are still up.",surprise
I honestly don't know but the more attention something gets the less it gets ignored.,sadness
Hahaha. One of those rare moments when a reddit title makes me laugh out loud.,happiness
I agree.,happiness
Looks really good! TY! Will watch it tonight.,happiness
Im sure youll love it.,happiness
"What are you talking about? This sub defended ""it's just camo ,it's realistic"". [NAME] including myself all begged for better visibility lmao ",happiness
What campaign? He is already president.,happiness
"Thanks man, I managed to feel better by letting loose with some music - definitely a *much* better way to pull out of a dive. ",happiness
All ur damage should have overflowed.. So just choose the best looking one.,happiness
"Im not usually into ASMR, but Ill look into it! Thank youu.",happiness
"Sorry, girl. You deserve better.",surprise
Omg this is great.,happiness
Are you this awful about everything that isn't your own preference?,anger
Whats the motive for doing this? To save on fuel by transporting as many people as possible in one go?,happiness
I wouldnt recommend expensive brands in this subreddit. People get irrationally angry and condescending.,anger
"Will watch the films, thanks for the recommendation ",happiness
Hed definitely get dropped at some point and then all hell will break loose.,sadness
It's not even Goats. Just got to the point I realised the Devs don't care about what happens below high elo.,surprise
"Good dad, manipulative son.",happiness
What a homie.,happiness
Oh [NAME] I unleashed the beast.,fear
">Working in MD AND DC? Would this be illegal? I will do that, thanks!",happiness
I'm just now going through the replies on this thread. This is the first person I've looked up on Spotify. Thank u for the recommendation!,happiness
"Ah ok, that makes more sense. I dont think most [NAME] would see your last name and try to make it French, lol.",anger
I cant imagine having a plan B when it comes to dating. That just seems disrespectful to not devote yourself to the person your dating.,anger
You need medical help.,happiness
My 2 best girls in the series combined into one and [NAME] with [NAME] colors is so beautiful :).,happiness
"Midnight has been 4/4 pro league teams they have played so far, so I wouldn't be too sure they're gonna be bottom feeders.",disgust
Thats always my worst fear when the idea of leaving during January comes up. I wish you the best of luck in unthawing them!,happiness
"Been there, done that. Still alive and remarkably healthy at 51. The body is tremendously resilient.",happiness
"Thats the hardest part for some to get over, but hobbies help and getting yourself up and out of the house and spending time with friends.",happiness
Playing the golden oldies eh?,happiness
"Well, Ill be here when you fail!",happiness
My goodness. Your such a fucking manchild.,anger
Damn. r/murderedbywords.,anger
It is dangerous to date men - read the news - women get killed by male partners and ex partners very frequently. Women are amazingly brave.,fear
Why do we gotta wait for a week just for the devs to fix their mistake?,happiness
If someone calls I will text them and say I can't talk right now. No matter what I'm doing.,happiness
I would think: Thank [NAME] it's finally happening.,happiness
Cool... Sorry bro.,sadness
Wow excellent shot.,happiness
"I am already using ublock. Thank you for suggesting ghostery, didn't know it.",happiness
I've had a crown and bracelets made for me with old ad. Glad I'm not alone.,happiness
> Love is more important than some job. You can't be serious? Please tell me you're just joking.,happiness
"It grows on you, fresh packs of creme are actually pretty tasty and they hit right ",happiness
This is so niche but i still felt that shit in my bones.,disgust
Good lad!,happiness
**You are breaking the car!**.,anger
... [NAME] derangement syndrome sufferer spotted. What drivel you crazy lunatics say... The lies and falsehoods along with the out of place fearmongering is getting really annoying...,anger
Its possible that the dog just escaped. Especially since it might be excited by the massive crowd running.,happiness
Ugh. The Google Plus BB community is the absolute worst!!!,sadness
"Haha, nice try mom. *dabs*.",happiness
If you have to do side task you consider boring in order to power up and take on the main quest I'd consider that grinding.,happiness
"But all-Korean teams don't always do the best in OWL/Contenders, look at Outlaws v. Seoul, etc... ",disgust
"They can lock the doors all they want, unless they have the child locks turned on there's nothing stopping me from unlocking the door. ",happiness
Ohhh....,surprise
I say no or in da club if they come to damce with me i walk away.,disgust
"> We're angry, but we don't want to be labelled as violent nutters.",anger
Lmao okay dude.,happiness
Damn. I want to see some of those comments!,anger
"> The porn that I downloaded was Brazzers produced. In case you don't know, Brazzers is ***anal*** about their IP. Ha get fucked.",anger
Men dont have it worse but at least society cares about women.,anger
"Yeeey [NAME], My purpose has been fulfilled Now I must go.",happiness
Rheged sounds like a racist name for a [NAME]. Don't think it will catch on tbh.,happiness
"LOL, had me confused for a second. Didn't realize you had responded to another comment of mine as well. ",happiness
"Oh man. I feel so bad for her, but am morbidly curious at the same time. Got more pics? ",happiness
Listen to yourself. What other things do u want to shove down the throats of others in the name of tolerance and humanity? [NAME].,anger
Well 216 is out now and Im crying. [NAME] why?,surprise
The only one I'd recomend is [NAME] to be honest.,happiness
I got a free Razor for being a student so I'm a net loss on their company :D.,happiness
"She completely understands, that's why she does this.",surprise
They look so soft and comfy.,happiness
Poor Target didnt make enough millions during one of the most hectic Christmas seasons I recall in almost 2 decades. Gotta save that payroll though.,sadness
> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.,happiness
Do math and drive. I cook. Ain't much else to tell.,happiness
Oh gosh that's no good! Perhaps the other options are better places to start.,fear
"Agree. Not a perfect coach but pretty, pretty good ",happiness
"Ah Princess [NAME], the [NAME] of our childhoods.",happiness
"My [NAME], check your corners people. I guess it's harder on console to let the team know though.",sadness
"Rule 2, 3, and 7. Impressive. Goodbye.",happiness
How do you plan on taking care of 2 infants at the age of 18? What about the third one?,happiness
"How many guys did they have on IR? I think their top 2 lineman at each spot were out at least. Hell, they almost beat us.",happiness
"[NAME], too. [NAME] is very guilty of this.",sadness
Cant fault you there.,sadness
Someone has sex with that.,happiness
"Yeah, somebody needs to seek counseling immediately. ",surprise
"If that's true, then you can't call what I would have with option 1 ""omnipotence"".",surprise
I tripped off 540mg of Robocough and my oil pen last night. It was absolutely wild like damn.,surprise
Good grief.,anger
"More rudeness, misogyny and sexism from [NAME]. If it wasn't so predictable it would be upsetting. [NAME]. ",anger
What if your only job was recovery?,happiness
Is she dead? Shes dead isnt she...,surprise
"You'll be stronger as you continue your journey, never give up.",happiness
Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action.,sadness
Kids in Africa could have eaten those cigarettes.. :( Kidding. Good for you man. Congrats!,happiness
"My favorite pod when they are fresh & clear. Sadly, all of my recent packs look like dark brown syrup pods. ",sadness
Grow up.,anger
Im sorry I said something negative about your beloved Valve.,sadness
Nope! It doesn't matter how stupid you were being.,disgust
"[NAME], I've told you already. ""Muy gorda chica"" does not mean ""very pretty girl"" ",anger
Reality i could force people to have sex with me Im 14 btw.,happiness
Yes. to the above number i provided :) hope its helpful!,happiness
"Have fun toasting expired marshmallows in hell, lady-killer POS.",happiness
"GOATs is what killed overwatch for me, this patch is probably gonna bring me back. ",surprise
"So, the cops raided my favorite massage parlor today.",anger
I can respect profiting from morons.,happiness
I find it really strange how people align themselves with or against a politician so strongly.,happiness
Maybe we will see each other over on that thread and everyone can openly mock me. You should submit it!,surprise
...But I don't think you'll find that delving into the minutiae of criticisms here will enlighten you. With respect to my STC cohorts ;-).,happiness
"Wow. Just .. wow. Read a book, sweatie!",happiness
"There are two other choices as well, each of them slightly better than the two terrible choices.",happiness
You'd have to help them get past [NAME] extremely tough immigration process.,surprise
Thats impressive you can tell that from the back of his head.,happiness
"Lol. Yes! [NAME] and his $14,000 suit love you but please don't touch him.",happiness
You have another new follower  love your work!,happiness
"Not really, no.",disgust
Sadly this story has died down why is he bringing it back up. Just let it die.,sadness
> laughing me off. > cant expect everyone to be current on every topic.,happiness
Plot twist: [NAME] is [NAME] estranged father.,surprise
Please stop uploading twitter links. There's a reason people ask for/post mirrors.,disgust
"Good on you dude. I'm west coast, but I'd love if anyone ever finds themselves in Seattle, I extend this offer.",happiness
"And of course, instead of calling out the men responsible for this behavior, the ""Not all men"" crowd has arrived in full force.",happiness
Good job partner!,happiness
It is crazy and another reason I treat going to the states with caution lol.,happiness
FEAR THE TURTLE.,fear
"Wayakum, [NAME] make it easy for you inshAllah. Feel free to PM me if you or your brother have any questions. Would love to help out.",happiness
Wait did [NAME] steal that name from the pinkerton guy?,happiness
"[NAME], I tried to make ramen in the coffee pot and I broke everything - [NAME].",sadness
"Because people that comment on YouTube videos are toxic, filthy heathens.",anger
"Im already deaf. Its not that bad. Hard to imagine how easy it would be, being blind.",surprise
You know the bulks going well when you ate that much last night that breakfast is a struggle.,happiness
[NAME] did a photo shoot with the first presidency. Hilarious.,happiness
"An imaginary god won't make you feel better, that's right, just the one true Living and Eternal God of Great Mercy who loves you.",happiness
"Stay busy with good things, hang in there. Just take it 24 hours at a time. You got this,.",happiness
Nice try balance team.,happiness
"Rematch against UVA, eh? First one to 40 wins!",happiness
Should I watch this? Will it aggravate me?,happiness
"Stranger things have happened, but still, good luck.",happiness
"I think I get this reference, GradeAUnderA?",happiness
Sucks to suck.,anger
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE ORIGINAL.,anger
"Thing is, some fans will *never* be happy. There is nothing that can be done to please them. That's the problem.",sadness
"That sounds awful )-: I'm so grateful that my parents and therapist want to let me figure this out with minimal ""supervision""",happiness
You actually have a point. But I think as long as they both dont have an issue atm it should be okay.,happiness
Idk if Im wrong but I think they gave her some piercings on her ear which are cool too.,happiness
Obvious satire lol.,happiness
I'm more saying that I think the south is a joke.,happiness
What a god.,anger
Wow this is getting huge.,happiness
That's a big meal.,happiness
"Thank you for your wisdom, [NAME]....",happiness
I feel like we have a deceptively large fan base.,surprise
She's a ~~chill cat~~ woman of few words.,happiness
"*""No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.""* -- [NAME].",happiness
"OP, this is the definition of manipulation. Ignore it, I promise itll be better for you in the long run. ",happiness
LMFAO! Thank you but I was inquiring about the OTHER one.,happiness
Pilots omg... you are not alone there!,happiness
I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.,sadness
If you ever played hardcore in previous titles with no doritos you would know that this in fact not the case.,surprise
My cat still loves me after I tripped over them in the dark on my way to the bathroom how are animals so amazing.,happiness
"Barring an injury, [NAME] will be up by May at the latest. You're not going to sign him for one month.",disgust
I am bored of [NAME]. Next celebrity chef!,anger
Pretty nice to see CONCACAF signing for the CPL.,happiness
I have and it didn't help. It's only a matter of time now for how long I can hold on.,happiness
Then I'll be accused of being a racist.,anger
Ah does look fun.,happiness
"Oh my god, I'm so glad this wasn't just me. I thought my YouTube was broken!",surprise
"Go look at the top posts of those subs. How far do you have to scroll to get to a ""men are trash"" post?",surprise
Utter nonsense from yourself.,anger
This is the worst I've ever seen. It really is.,anger
"It's great that you're a recovering addict, that's cool. Have you ever tried DMT?",happiness
Why would they lie?,surprise
"Easy money, thank you [NAME].",happiness
"They probably take slight step back, by that I mean still the best defense in the league, but closer.",happiness
I agree with that sentiment. But Doordash is not a job worth doing. I worked for less than minimum wage all summer.,surprise
Looking cool [NAME].,happiness
"It was a very faithful remake, though. They just crashed the plane without planning out what to do next.",happiness
This dude was joking. OP is retarded.,happiness
He is the main character. They are gonna have him in every episode somehow lol.,happiness
"Eh, maybe. the tricky part is getting away with it.",disgust
"Hey man skol vikings. Support however youd like, just as long as you support ",happiness
I have no confidence to boost.,disgust
"I was just about to comment this. Pause in between ""but"" and ""why"" too.",happiness
I think it is more likely that you simply do not know what science is.,surprise
"I just learned about mukbang yesterday from a foreign exchange student. What luck, didn't realize they were popular outside of Asia.",happiness
Tbh bastion is still super op before it now I can just abuse him more.,disgust
Thank you for correcting me on these! I have taken them down. I will do more research in the future.,happiness
"I agree its disrespectful to so blatantly disregard her parents wishes but yes, otherwise too uptight.",surprise
I just woke my wife up to make sure that she was okay before I could lay down.,happiness
Got a good laugh out of that. Plenty of wall of shame material.,happiness
"A ""Texas DUI"" sounds like a weird sex move. ",sadness
"[NAME] was our second best hitter, [NAME] was the best.",happiness
The age of consent is 16 in Massachusetts. Unless theyre sending nude pictures hes not doing anything illegal.,happiness
:) I like this.,happiness
I'm glad the republican won cause I want the best high I have had 5 back surgeries and need another.,happiness
Oh but they will be sweet photos to look at in the future.,happiness
Does anyone have a link to the rainbow song clip? I tried looking everywhere and can't find it :(.,happiness
"Thank you, see was that so hard.",happiness
It is amazing how social media is allowing maniacs to congregate. Social media is very bad for us.,surprise
I already like the game. I don't to make the wins gimmicky for the game to be fun.,happiness
"Luckily i do not have mixxed cycles myself... rapid cycling, sure, not mixed episodes though. sending hope your way!!",happiness
Good retort! Thank you for your contribution to the discussion.,happiness
"I don't necessarily hate them, but then again, I dislike it when people breed while knowing how harsh life is.",anger
"Interesting, Ill have to try it someday ",happiness
I'm sorry but your username is absolutely horrible lol.,happiness
"Just next her. She'll never find a SD anyway, she's all talk.",happiness
"I was like you man, 3 felt so bad. But street part 4 3 becomes a so bad it's hilarious imo.",happiness
I didn't think it was that bad ><.,happiness
It's weird knowing that the people in these pictures are actually real You kinda forget sometimes.,surprise
Agree completely with this statement.,happiness
"So, I saw the video yesterday. I think there are real complaints by residents, but that video isn't normal, and absolutely crosses into antisemitism.",disgust
Sorry but I didnt throw in the towel for my co worker. These feelings were present before she entered my life.,disgust
Did [NAME] mention the astroturf pitch after today's comfortable 3-0 win? He certainly made a big fuss about it after the loss at Rugby Park.,anger
Lol Well you don't know how many miscarriages occur.,happiness
Interesting what you said about the crew and better to fly solo than with people who bring you down. I'll remember that.,anger
"I'm in Printer's Row, but I do have a car so I might just go check it out. Thanks!",happiness
"The projectiles are 1L bottles, so more cylinders than spheres. Does it make any difference? ",happiness
Oof thank you.,happiness
The Calgary Herald has extremist on their payroll?,happiness
Change the initials to fake names. Was going to read but its too annoying.,anger
"Cheers, I live minutes away from you, will check it out some time soon.",happiness
Not sure to downvote because genuine and encouraging or to upvote because sarcastic and hateful.,fear
Yeah I want all our players to have a nice healthy hatred for Texas. Good way to ensure they get hyped to play em.,happiness
Super boogers is one of the super weird and oddly satisfying parts of recovery imo.,surprise
"Counter's clean, you're welcome!",happiness
"No, it was believed that the baby absorbed maternal traits because the mother was the ""soil"" the ""seed"" grew in. ",disgust
Haha! I realized that after your comment. Definitely not trying to walk in Loubs with a peg leg LOL.,surprise
Eh my doctor isn't a GP. She knows her shit.,happiness
Shithole universe i mean.,disgust
"Yeah, what do you know about her? Her Wikipedia page is pretty barren.",disgust
"I didn't get it the first time, thank you for replying me.",happiness
Turning the Sunny Side Up into a Shitty Side in All Directions. Love it!,happiness
Franchise QB's are leaders who set the tone for the entire lockerroom. [NAME] is a terrible leader.,fear
Or you could learn to reverse park and stop whining. Its a lot easier to park backwards.,happiness
"Okay, thank you very much! So we are off the deep end of Riverdale logic here.",happiness
It's hard to start over. I wish you happiness.,happiness
Holy shit it actually did... how.,happiness
Good because I've been waiting since September!,happiness
Good thing they were all about to jump when it happened. Do you know what happened to the pilots?,happiness
"Sorry, new at ",fear
This is cursed.,fear
The only reason people are there is because they dont know [NAME] is fired lmao.,happiness
Just take them and get them vaccinated without his knowledge. Only one parent is needed. Dont even tell him after it's done.,happiness
Ok so the scape goat is gone. No more excuses now [NAME].,disgust
Go on...,happiness
Probably overdose in a hotel after losing my virginity to an escort on my 30th birthday.,happiness
You're such a good troll. Good job! Way to really get into that part. You nailed it!,happiness
Glad you liked it!,happiness
GG haha ,happiness
"I have a boobs but a penis, its quite the embarrassment.",sadness
"Thanks, I'll keep that in mind for sure. After I get my Cadians and Lizardmen finished up I'm gonna start looking into Bolt Action.",happiness
Ah. Thats where I left it. Now where are the keys.,happiness
Oh my god.... They used [NAME] voice!,surprise
Maybe make the lights with the towel technique and see how bad it looks.,sadness
Maybe its a cultural thing? Thats the way we do it in (I assume from my experience) Canada.,happiness
"I think it was Volantis, but yeah I agree.",happiness
They call it the hub and spoke system. They neglected to include a wheel.,disgust
Haha wait why does this sounds so familiar.,happiness
Fuck taking the high road. If Im [NAME] Im blasting the officials when I speak to the media.,anger
Congratulations! Your kids are very lucky to have a strong and positive parent :).,happiness
"If charity worked, everyone in the world would be fed and healthy in this precise moment. Also, how are you going to enact basic income without social institutions?",surprise
Ah the infamous [NAME]. How I've suppressed that name from my memory.... Until now.,surprise
Constantly worrying about her and not feeling pleasure without her presence could be. You need to talk to a therapist.,sadness
Agghh this is amazing! Wish I had thought of something like this when I was leaving retail!,happiness
Ive massively improved but it never really gets cured. There are always situations that will give you anxiety.,fear
Destroyed property is the same as lynching someone for their race.,happiness
You summed it up perfectly. I cant even say anything else because I have nothing else better to say.,happiness
I think a six month prison sentence is in order for that missed tackle against the cowgirls. Maybe some community service if he's got a good lawyer.,happiness
How is 5th starter not a question?,happiness
I'm quite interested as well!,happiness
We tell our girl friends too when we get asked out :).,anger
You win one internet!,happiness
10? If they're teens their original joint apparently didn't last that long.,disgust
At least youre getting hit on.,happiness
"Turns out you can polish a turd. The trouble is, it's still just shit.",sadness
Just shut up dude.,anger
Im so glad someone linked it. Youre doing the important work. ,happiness
"No, it isn't K.",disgust
I was trying to make the point that the patient is still having a seizure; it's just not visible because they are paralyzed.,fear
"I agree with that, that's really the only reason I play pk too. Probably the reason my win rate for her is 40%.",happiness
This is great TV. I want to see her do this on Legends.,happiness
He lost his shoes. Hes legally dead.,anger
Woo hoo!,surprise
I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...,anger
It wasnt significant.,disgust
I'd be honored.,happiness
"Why are you complaining, every team wouldve signed this guy.",anger
I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.,fear
Amazing doggo ,happiness
Ive just said that both biology and social norms play a part? How is that me saying that there are no biological differences?,anger
Finally a whole season and 3 jornadas too late.,sadness
I'm happy I live in a country where machete attacks don't have to be a real concern.,happiness
HOW DARE ANYBODY CRITICIZE YOUR POST IN THE CONTEXT OF YOUR POST HISTORY! RECOGNIZE HIS PRIVILEGE PEOPLE!!,anger
Baby rape. Cant make a funny joke about it.,anger
I actually liked them. I love the idea of Conqueror being a rabid and maniac dog.,happiness
Same here. The ones who know me and my obsession always let me know and it makes me happy.,happiness
"Oh, gotcha. I have a friend with unipolar depression who does have memory issues, so yes, that can happen during depression too.",sadness
Poor kitty! Im sure shell feel okay again soon. Lots of TLC in order.,happiness
I'm not a victim at all. You're just a desperate loser who spends money on a guy he could watch for free.,sadness
Oh you're the life of the party.,happiness
[NAME] I HATE those.,disgust
How so. What is the basis for your feeling of universal entitlement?,happiness
Honestly never seen one as dumb as this.,anger
Thanks for the confirmation.,happiness
"Same here, would love to help. Praying things get better for you and your family :).",happiness
"Trust me, you do not want to do this. i used to live with 2 party people and it was absolute hell. save yourself now.",anger
He could have spent way less money on backpage when it was still around or Craigslist...would have gotten around the same quality or better too.,happiness
"Sorry, you misread. I thought you'd written ""why had they done that"". IIRC, it's in the report they published. ",sadness
> welcome to reality Oh thank [NAME]!,happiness
"Look! More complaining about people complaining, thus compounding the issue! What a happy little circle-jerk : ) You guys will never stop.",anger
So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!,happiness
"Was referring to their government, should have specified that better. ",sadness
I'd punt her to another planet if she said that about my dog. Wtf is wrong with people. ,anger
Let's all wilk together!,happiness
Congrats! How long was the journey? Did you stick with [NAME] the entire time?,happiness
Ugh. What a way to go.,disgust
I dont even know what that is lmao.,surprise
I think they might be! I'll let her know - thank you :).,happiness
"The last thing I want on my team are former Eagles players. Fuck that team, the organization, and the shitty fanbase ",anger
I am. But I presume you are gonna tell me I'm wrong because it doesn't line up with your experiences - whatever.,anger
"Sorry to hear that, mate. Please get some professional help. ",happiness
"Also his Whirlpool seems to be bugged, sometime it stays for like 3more seconds even tho you don't get any damage from it anymore.",surprise
Just doesn't really work if the DM doesn't want it to...,anger
Here Hope that helps!,happiness
Refusing to pay someone for work that they've done is theft. You can try to justify it any way you want but that's what it is.,happiness
I have a bad one but I also have mild cerebral palsy on my left side.,sadness
"I like [NAME] Im tired of losing, Im not a loser.",happiness
A surprise to be sure! But a welcome one.,happiness
Didn't even get a chuckle out of me. I guess its just too high brow for my dumb brain.,sadness
"Youre right, I was thinking of AiG or the Discovery Institute. ",happiness
"I downvoted your original comment, but you've redeemed yourself with this one, lol. Have this upvote!",happiness
This hit me with de good ol memories.,happiness
I know one time I mixed stuff up and posted the slashes instead of the asterisks to italicize. Oops.,sadness
I love the Im sleeping and then the realization.,happiness
"Well then outlive your enemy, get pass your old self that is the enemy and you can outlive the enemy.",happiness
Just speak with a Sheffield accent lmao.,happiness
I have to cuddle my dog so hard right now.,happiness
"At least you went out! For what it's worth, I definitely would have gone out with you if you were near me.",happiness
"Not one bit surprising, yet also not really a mens rights issue.",surprise
Seems like you jerk off looking at mirror while youre crying.,disgust
"My bad sorry, what I meant to say is for our winning season not in our.",sadness
U can still pour it out the lock holes. Hook it up.,happiness
"Despite the certainty of some, we do not know. But we do know [NAME] is loving and merciful, and we hope for the salvation of all.",happiness
Well new years eve people can hit it with some luck in my area haha.,happiness
We thought he was getting better but then he turned himself around.,sadness
Looks like an HD image of the moon.....that garlic bread doesnt look too bad tho.,happiness
"I had to give up college 2 times because of that. Now im doing kinda better, at least i can go to classes and talk to people.",happiness
"[NAME]  this Is for real, this makeup   makes you glow  no  filters needed ",happiness
I was expecting a kitty.,happiness
...and his last one was in New Orleans. Lets go Rams!,happiness
Except [RELIGION].,surprise
"Thanks dude, speaking of the Sahara thay is how dry our texting has gotten. Any tips to spark it back up?",happiness
Sadly that's probably the worst game I've ever seen [NAME] play.,sadness
"I didnt think of that, thank you!",happiness
"Most of the people commenting in /r/Libertarian aren't libertarians, but are just there to tell libertarians how stupid and evil they are.",anger
This is legit an awesome idea. Theres a reason rifles are shouldered like that. Makes it easier to stabilize it. Stability is important in photography.,happiness
I know a guy who is 25 (same age as me) and has FOUR. I would hate my life so much.,sadness
At least this person sounds like they don't want to be fat. They just need guidance m.,happiness
"[NAME] were the peak memes back when I first started on Reddit. Honestly none of the meme subs are good, they're all pretty cringy. ",anger
"I'd be so upset about this, I hope you got to enjoy it thoroughly :).",happiness
BANG motherfucker!,anger
Thanks for the warning ,happiness
"You can't be worse than [NAME], your hired!",anger
No offense are you guys actually dating? Are you paying for every thing. Have u guys had sex?,happiness
Do it successfully and coal country will still say its a stupid idea.,anger
Sometimes you gotta hate living to love life ya feel?,anger
"I mean... it's horrible and all, but isn't it also a record high every year..?",fear
Also thank you for the advice.,happiness
Thats very admirable and courageous of her. I appreciate the many women that are doing that here on Reddit as well.,happiness
Only in portland.,happiness
With Everyday passing day without a good signing I feel like we got robbed in this trade.,disgust
They just dropped KAP45. Free for 2 amazing guns but a pistol costs money? What gives.,happiness
Or maybe you could just learn the match up since they already gutted him in the last patch.,happiness
You shut your mouth. shut it right now. *sobbing uncontrollably*.,anger
Inside sources really dont help the story even if this is true.,disgust
Be Advised stay away from alcohol Focus on the kids Do not engage on a campaign for justice Get well soon bro.,happiness
So cute!!!!!!!!!!,happiness
Randomly watched arrow this week and I think each year is more confusing and I didn't like it! At least [NAME] is still there and always shining!,disgust
"Did the burglar win? It's fine and all that he tried sueing, if it actually worked is the important part. ",happiness
Just be glad youre not his wife.,happiness
How dare they not have the foresight to realize he'll become a president we don't like decades later.,anger
"My fav frank songs are white Ferrari, super rich kids and bad religion, I know those are popular songs I just wanna get deeper into his music ",happiness
So can we all collectively accept that [NAME] has a high placement for this week? Okay thank you.,happiness
18 still seems too young soooo.....,happiness
Any chance we could treat the terrorists as terrorists then?,anger
He's dressing like his dead 'friend' to keep him in his memory.,happiness
Every single [NAME] should have the right to import by mail any medicine from all over the world and nobody should be allowed to stop them.,happiness
"Sorry, I posted this first but then you said something that I wanted to acknowledge I agreed with.",sadness
Honestly Ive seen kids that age do really gross stuff.,disgust
"Ha ha, that's absolutely fair enough. :).",happiness
Look we are starving but we still have some honor. We don't need any help from your people. Especially not 50 cents a day.,happiness
"There is nothing this Government could cut that wouldn't upset someone. Sorry, but weez broke.",sadness
Its a party and were all invited.,happiness
This is why I clean my belly button every day. Thats disgusting.,disgust
Sounds really boring so I hope you like it.,happiness
"Also rough translation of the chinese: ""very beautiful octopus."" (probably wrong) ",happiness
I forget it all the time too.,sadness
"I swear, this is the most brutal one of this year yet. ",fear
It did! Good luck on yours!! -[NAME].,happiness
Thank you! My Bravo blog is.,happiness
That's why im here in the overwatch university subreddit you fucking idiot.,anger
"Bubble Bass should try it, just DON'T FORGET THE PICKLES!! ",happiness
Can you imagine the amount of backlash shed get if it was ANOTHER [NAME] collab? Omg.,surprise
"Can someone tell me the difference? Sorry, please don't get mad at me...",surprise
Not available in my country. Can't believe this has to be a thing in the modern age.,anger
Am yisrael chai is a phrase we should never take for granted.,happiness
105 strikeouts over 81 2/3 innings. that's good lol [NAME].,happiness
Every time I think about how close we were to getting [NAME] it hurts a little bit more...,sadness
That's what I ended up actually doing.,sadness
I just want him to be successful though...I dont think he wants to be at this point.,happiness
"Oh, a little misunderstanding, my bad.",sadness
Apple can still go kindly fuck itself tho.,anger
If I had that Id stop working and travel full time. I do not understand the avarice of the wealthy. It makes no fucking sense.,sadness
They've usually had dementia for a good while before they become aggressive. I don't think you have anything to worry about for a long time.,sadness
Looks like he's got the funk.,happiness
Haha this the best [NAME] answer to this question. Right to the point. <3.,happiness
"I know this is late, but I cant believe I missed this. Love it.",happiness
I still can't believe I used to watch [NAME] videos.,happiness
Contractions is equivalent....body can only deal with...us women with labor.....I dont like the way this person speaks.,happiness
"$42,000 fine over a JOKE is unreasonable. ",happiness
Wow! Good for her! Im so glad she was able to see through the bullshit!,anger
"I first liked [NAME], but disliked her after [NAME].",disgust
"Man, I would gladly roast this one. Fat rich people must be tasty..",happiness
I find that relatable: I too am terrified of myself.,fear
Why everyone mad i think it was a joke .people these days over sensitive my [NAME].,surprise
That was the middle school dream.,happiness
Is it weird that I read this with Papa [NAME] voice.,surprise
Llanberis is in one of the most beautiful places in Europe and I am delighted that the local Chinese takeaway speaks Welsh. Cymru am Byth !!!!,happiness
"He's ridiculous, I've never watched out west when he was on the Spurs. But damn. Hope He stay.",anger
"Thanks, didnt know there was a term for it. Thats how I handled the first and last episode I saw lol.",happiness
"> If you have a point - make it. I did, I'm sorry you missed it.",disgust
"I just drank some chocolate milk, now I'm a 9/10 supermodel with a great husband and my own island in a tropical location. Thanks! /s.",happiness
Love me some Clash.,happiness
I know exactly.,happiness
"Call me a [NAME] but I love saying that word. ""No.""",happiness
Is this legit or just a random house?,surprise
THINK OF THEGENERATIONS OF NEWSTHAT GETS LOST WHEN THESE YOUNG UNS STOP LOVING NEWSPAPERS I FOR ONESUPPORT OUR NEWSPAPER INDUSTRY.,anger
Figured since [NAME] is expiring and you guys are tanking it didnt really matter.,anger
Can you expand a bit? That would be interesting for us that are not in the know.,anger
"I just got banned from one of his subreddits, I haven't been this excited for a ban since the snap from /r/thanosdidnothingwrong!",happiness
Thank you for sharing your experience. It adds much needed hope.,happiness
"OMG, is this the one that wore white? ",happiness
For sure...sometimes I feel like I will just evaporate into nothingness as the stranger in the mirror looks on.,sadness
Youve got to be shitting me?,anger
"Thanks! Been clipping her for awhile now, I think Im going to stick with her ",happiness
Thats only really annoying if its excessively slow.,anger
Lol I get it.,happiness
I ride our half-orc barbarian by clinging to his back. He hasn't seemed to notice yet.,disgust
Yep. First Monday of 2019.,happiness
"""If you don't support no go zones, you are racist!""",anger
"Either they dont understand the meta context of it, or arent fans of such a meta ending.",happiness
No faith! Shame!,sadness
The fact that her pillows are brown is way more disturbing to me.,disgust
Happy to see that you're in recovery.,happiness
Yeah being up by 20 every game does that unfortunately.,sadness
I was expecting the clip from Home Alone that [NAME] uses to scare the burglars (I think it's from Angels With Filthy Souls).,happiness
"And thats assuming all your organs are in good condition, if you smoke or drink heavily you are likely losing lots of value.",happiness
"[NAME] man, how have you not suffocated with your head so far up your ass?",anger
"Chart was clearly made by an 18 year old that thinks 30 is ""old""",anger
I will defend common core against parents that are just bad at math until the day I die.,happiness
I hate that myself.,anger
Disaster!!,fear
You are amazing! Proud of you!!!!,happiness
They seem confident and chill.,happiness
Congrats! Glad it went well for you!,happiness
I think they think that they have created the best cod ever and everyone who doesn't think that is wrong.,anger
"Whatever the customer doesn't finish, they save and put it back out and serve it to another customer. Confirmed by former staff.",happiness
You'd be stupid not to do this.,anger
"Oh no, not again! ",disgust
Welcome to the Just Cause experience.,fear
Oooo sounds lovely. Armpit hair on fleek.,happiness
Happy for [NAME]. hopefully you get someone worth a shit now.,happiness
"It's not that bad, I almost got squashed by a drop bear today but it's all good in the hood.",happiness
This comment is complete garbage.,anger
Petition to smite BuzzFeed and Vice off the face of the internet for the bs they post Thank you.,happiness
"I already have used one, really helped ",happiness
"Totally hamberders the President, thank you.",happiness
"I want to give my peers money, so they can fight for my rights and privilges- see the bus pass discussion in this thread. ",happiness
Wow. Very thorough explanation. Thanks!,happiness
"That would be okay, I guess.",happiness
I like Nurse. He shows grit. This is the stuff [NAME] should be doing.,happiness
Those backpack leashes suddenly don't seem so bad.,disgust
"Texas, I'm really just mad at myself for not double checking. But now I have a year to find something better.",anger
Dont you spit facts! Downvote for you (everyone) with no reply. They dont reply to good arguments just downvote you.,anger
Hey at least you've got a friend group chat.,happiness
There is clearly something really goddamned wrong with the policy then.,happiness
"What was that behind the back nonsense, criminy. TO THE BENCH.",anger
That partially explains why season 4 was such a fucking mess.,sadness
Oh that's a shame. I bought it for $100 but willing to go wayyyy under the original price.,disgust
A fucking power outage during a hurricane and your car is fucked.,anger
Definitely didnt give [NAME] a huge scar.,happiness
Whats a matter? I thought you liked faces.,happiness
No! Thats not how I meant it! Just trying to start a conversation & I love Tool.,disgust
" No way, man. We're gonna keep on rockin' forever. Forever. Forever. Forever...",happiness
Thats how I got banned.,sadness
"You can always view afterwards, no confidential votes in Parliament.",happiness
BOOP! Go Stars!,happiness
"Thank you, this was what I was hoping to hear. The last thing I'd want right now is to make mourning him any harder.",happiness
"To be fair, the illegal should have been out of country. ",anger
Why? I dont think Ive ever seen someone not like [NAME] irl or here. Witten I can see though.,surprise
Based on the down votes I can say this is truly an unpopular opinion although it shouldn't be.,disgust
Aww yesss assalamu alaykum akhi i love when i see a reflective post by you in here.,happiness
Anything can happen. So many upsets have happened at the PLQ. Every team is beatable.,happiness
Her promo's alone would be a great addition to the promotion.,happiness
"I think its a bit more complicated than that, it also would appear I may have been misunderstood.",surprise
I feel sorry for her son that must have been super cringe.,sadness
Thank you I appreciate it.,happiness
[NAME]! I missed you.,happiness
This is amazing to think about and love that [NAME] is there. 10/10.,happiness
Aw no. Don't tell me you are out of epic quips to rek the trumpist incel fascist nazi?,disgust
People actually cancelled their subscriptions because they didn't endorse him. These same people call others 'snowflakes'. lol.,happiness
HIT OR MISS.,surprise
"I like [NAME] and would like to see him back, but he still makes me nervous at a high price too. ",fear
Im desperately hoping that that is either sarcasm or a troll.,happiness
I know  its one of my lifes goals to see a moose in real life despite how terrified I will be lol!!,happiness
He looks like a genuinely nice guy. He doesnt look fat and greasy.,happiness
This makes me want to get nipple piercings but Im too scared to :/.,fear
I think the 90 day rule applies to increases over 5%?,surprise
"Okaaaay? I'm not sure how to respond to that, no offense.",surprise
No i didnt all i know is that i binged 3 seasoms of it.,disgust
"The NBA fan was just one year younger last year and probably had the same viewing habits, thus not impacting the results of the year over year comparison. ",surprise
"Huh, so there should be no more men's and women's sports, bathrooms, prisons, etc.?",disgust
Sometimes to do what's right we must give up the thing we want the most... even our dreams.,happiness
Unemployed now re: those crummy health issues. So that probably helped.,happiness
"I loved the first one, but haven't gotten around to the second one yet. ",happiness
"Not literally sell, but trying to ""sell the experience."" All you'd do is just walk around a cemetery lol.",happiness
This is almost as effective as posting that sweet photo of [NAME] old band.,happiness
Lmao compelling argument bud.,happiness
"Don't worry, [NAME]. Her idea of wit is nothing more than an incisive observation humorously phrased and delivered with impeccable timing.",happiness
Sounds like a really bad time. Just wait till you have a nice time and place to trip.,happiness
"I'm suprised they didn't use the classic: ""[NAME]?"" ",happiness
I love this. Now I'm craving tacos in the morning.,happiness
"Grew up watching avatar and [NAME] is one of my favorite video game protagonists, especially when RDR2 came out. ",happiness
No no no i didnt learn about that in my middle school bio class so it can't be real ,anger
"Props to YOU for being so appreciative, sir. :) You don't often see it. Good luck out there!",happiness
TeamViolet going strong fam!,happiness
That isnt a prediction that is exactly how Crisis on infinite earths played out.,happiness
I love adamtots. He's a great comic creator.,happiness
It's interesting to watch what happens to people when they find out how easy it is to get on TV and get paid.,happiness
It's because you play against 1000 ms ping EU players that have no idea what's going on. Happy hunting!,disgust
"Wah, the poor dead fascist thug! What a fucking tragedy. Every dead cop makes the world a safer place.",sadness
Find like-minded people you can have meaningful conversations with. Everything else I consider a waste of my spare time.,disgust
Looks just like the snow we've been getting in Halifax recently! (Canada).,happiness
If you were gonna chloroform the person why not just get a hold of a fresh dead body instead? Move just as much.,happiness
Why make it a video? Could have just been a text post.,happiness
Isn't that how [NAME] won in the first place?,surprise
Ghostbusters 2: ghost-bustier ?,surprise
I have silvered it as it was what I was thinking and they beat me to it hahaha.,happiness
I miss being little ,sadness
You also cant prove it happened so logically this doesnt exist and is a paradox that never happened therefore pi = 3.14159.,happiness
Yo but that RivaL lineup tho! That's gonna be so sick.,happiness
"Hi, everyone! This is my 13 minute action/comedy short film, JUICY! I hope you all enjoy! Feedback is welcome. ",happiness
He remains the only serve bot I enjoy watching.,happiness
I've eaten some really strange stuff and the only reason to eat this is to see if it is gross.,happiness
"Wait what? Person on page 34, meet person on page Star. Lets stop. We aren't having the same conversation here.",surprise
"I'm with you, pulju has been looking dangerous lately.",happiness
Its hard to explain i feel everything is distant.,sadness
This could be an amazing metaphor for super smart AIs. Were the egg.,happiness
"Watching a friend go through her wedding made me decide to marry at city hall. I wanted a marriage, but not a wedding. ",happiness
Such a deep and powerful tweet.,happiness
Me but with boobs. When will be able to trade body parts [NAME].,happiness
"Huh, Fallout 76 and disaster in the same paragraph....that's not new.",anger
"I do that anytime I see something pointy. I'm just like, ""I wonder how it would feel to stab my eye with that.",surprise
Oh no! Thats my favorite! Nothing like losing an organ to get you to eat healthier.,happiness
Intresting. Well I sure did learn something today! Cheers!,happiness
"That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club. ",happiness
And a pretty bad [NAME] too.,sadness
"It is his welcome, he can do with it as he wishes. Your misunderstanding is forgiven.",happiness
Wait there are more psychopaths in this world than are diagnosed? Color me shocked.,happiness
Hey uhhhh I love you.,happiness
Brilliant! I have absolutely no idea what's going on.,happiness
"Ok, I will take this with a pinch of salt, but take it into consideration nonetheless. Thanks.",happiness
Not at all. I'm not going to argue with someone who doesn't understand what a strawman is.,disgust
Noooo no more NEXTs anymore! They are obviously just a kid who is excited to discover music. Give them a break! :/.,disgust
Fuck off.,anger
You post your pics online. Good for you! You're probably not a subhuman.,happiness
Well damn wish I could use venom too.,anger
Well I just love it when my Squad Leader puts the order on the Opponent's starting flag for the whole round while we lose everything else.,happiness
I miss it but it was op.,surprise
. . . Wait a fucking second.,anger
The idea of that sucks!,anger
This will pass and you will be happy again. Just not right now. Hang in there.,happiness
Some caps fans *really* love jumping to conclusions without any basis whatsoever.,anger
Thank you for explaining it better than my rambling. I agree.,happiness
"I loathe him too, but I couldn't even get on board with lynching him. Not even that obnoxious twat [NAME].",disgust
Support the Sydney ~~Blues~~ Sixers. Loved that gaff last night.,happiness
[NAME]. Im sorry.,sadness
I heard someone say one... everywhere is is better but Perth is the best! Glad you enjoyed your holiday!,happiness
"""Holding [NAME] up like baby [NAME] would be a fantastic way to excite a fan base thats been neglected for years.""",happiness
Is it really up to $11?,happiness
What are you expecting?,happiness
...except that theyre an [NAME] coached team.,happiness
"I would feel similarly, but I would be more gleeful and less guilty. ",happiness
Anyone know how high of a fall that was? Edit: ~4 seconds of falling. .5 X 9.8 X 4^2 = ~78 feet.,happiness
Just feels rude I guess.,disgust
Mr. [NAME]! Nooooo!,disgust
"As someone who has lived his entire life in the tropics, I can't even begin to imagine what those kinds of temperatures are like.",disgust
"Huh our foster loves being snuggled in a blanket, but our dog we've had for 6 years hates being covered.",happiness
This is how mafia works.,surprise
"Yes!! It took 6 months to get my license in! I started to worry that something had gone wrong, but, I indeed receive it!",happiness
Totally fair. All I was trying to remind everyone is don't fall in love with your crushes.,happiness
"Oh, so it isn't a term made up by antivaxers designed to be intentionally vague? I thought you said it was.",surprise
Ok i noticed the eyelashes but the rest is really unnoticable.,happiness
Seems like a strong negative reaction to something you say you know nothing of...,disgust
"Oh damn, I was thinking like what kind of monster doing this.",anger
">How can I hate [NAME] I like [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]? And [NAME].",happiness
Looks like my greyhounds feet.,happiness
R/sleeptrain Might be time for some sleep training. Take a look and try to feel out what's right for your family.,happiness
You are truly a hogwartsian saint and exmo beautiful one. GG.,surprise
They'd probably just use it to buy up armies and navies for tyrants who oppress and reign with blood and horror or some shit.,anger
"I love his reaction. ""That was amazing""",happiness
"Literally a post on reddit by a woman being creepily hit on by a neighbor, with his wife's permission. Today.",happiness
Looks like you took a bath in manure.,disgust
"Every time I get a staff kill, it feels like seeing a shooting star <3 Yeah, it definitely sucks.",anger
So glad she died.,happiness
BY [NAME] THAT'S [NAME] MUSIC!,happiness
Yep and what a wonderful land it is. My favorite place in the world Edit: omg everybody so mad ,happiness
"Congratulations! As a fan of impulsiveness and craziness, I could not support this haphazard mayhem more. Best of luck to you both.",happiness
"I, too, have lied about getting hooked up by Hasbro to justify the unhealthy amount of money I have spent on Nerf guns. ",happiness
This 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot.,disgust
>but part of the whole inequality picture is women receiving lower pay for the same jobs. Honestly? Doesn't happen.,fear
This is so infuriating.,anger
You are a Filipino leprechaun.,happiness
This is one of the best things Ive read on Reddit Cheers to your perseverance.,happiness
Well I did add an edit you might have missed haha.,happiness
"Our country is in no way, shape or form ready for the risk of a giant inflation wave.",disgust
The soviet union was state capitalist? So was china?? Is this deluded meme still alive wtf?! Lol grow up you helplessly indoctrinated idiots.,happiness
Volunteer. Helping people in need will make you feel better about both yourself and others.,happiness
"Wonder if her steel balls make the same sound, clanging together, when they're frozen?",surprise
"No mercy, if there is any man left inside you than walk out now.",anger
You have twice the courage I wish I had. well done dude!! wishing you all the best!,happiness
"True to the first, I hope to the second.",happiness
Water? Find a way to keep your temperature down.,happiness
"Uh, i don't see the correlation between tons of rape and murders in Georgia and the rich needing to be taxed more, but i do agree.",happiness
"Well, this is the first time I've seen that in over three years.",happiness
"Yeah, not the rich,that makes sense to me. I'm just commenting on the title saying billionaires are bad for democracy.",anger
To be fair all those things actually help prevent/alleviate depression. Smelling like flowers doesnt turn you into a woman.,surprise
"Nice looks like I hit just about hit the sweet spot, thanks.",happiness
"Important part of this, surprising it's not there. ",surprise
Well I am happy you believe that.,happiness
What do you mean?,happiness
"Last event went well, 40+ signups. Looking forward to some new faces this time. Special surprise for the winner!",happiness
I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?,disgust
How can they tell if someone is a conservative? It's not like most of us go around wearing MAGA hats and Thomas Sowell patches on leather jackets.,anger
Its not gonna happen.,disgust
"Made me laugh, tbh.",happiness
"LIBTARD SPOTTED!!! I CALL FOR YOU, [NAME]!!!",happiness
I actually find running harder than passing on all madden.,happiness
Awesome. Thank you so much!,happiness
I would meet up in a public place first. Invite her to a bar within walking distance of your place and assess. Safety first.,happiness
Cant even tell whats happening here. This isnt cringe.,surprise
2019 should just be a picture of a trash can or dumpster on fire. Amazing how shitty DICE can make things in 10 years.,surprise
Well now I think I was wrong.,surprise
Thank you. I've blocked him on Facebook and text.,happiness
"To the rest of the world, I would like to say, ""Sorry.""",sadness
"Adding a few projectile characters only made the game better, not worse. Bars can go though.",happiness
"[NAME] is an **integrity** man. Without it, there is nothing. edit 1:without it, not with it, sorry typo.",sadness
Hugs. We put our sweet lady kitty to sleep one year ago tomorrow.,sadness
"I was actually looking in to this game, glad they did this now so I can avoid it, yeesh.",happiness
Why would we put a center at SF.,happiness
I was really hoping this was real like.,happiness
What a douche. Yeah I try to order within my country to keep away from customs.,anger
Yeah no problem. Here is the link to her sons foundation.,happiness
"Honestly, same. I was miserable at my admin asst job.",sadness
You don't have a Mrs do you?,anger
Well I'm glad I decided to go to McD's instead of doing those lines!,happiness
Not in the slightest. im actually dumbfounded.,surprise
Girls super-like?,surprise
Then why can't we claim a fetus on our taxes?,happiness
"Yes, you do live in a clown world, laugh it up, degenerate.",happiness
I think that had to do more with not wanting to hurt the old man lol.,happiness
Sorry that you lost that stuff. But that's a lot to have in your car in SF.,sadness
Same! Protect yourself as much as you can. I also clean the phone and the case :D.,happiness
[NAME] at 2.38 against Moicano seems like excellent value for me.,happiness
How the absolute fuck did black panther get nominated for best picture? its marvel action schlock at its worst. blackkklansman on the other hand is a great movie.,anger
The loading screen has the circle at the bottom that just keeps spinning. I tried uninstalling the app and that didn't work either.,sadness
"There's no ventilation shafts in the dumb things, block the exits and make a bonfire.",disgust
"You know the first thing they're going to ask ""so, are you hungry?"" ",happiness
"Oh you'd like that, wouldn't you?",happiness
Now all Im imaging is [NAME] casted in the American pie movies as [NAME]. Thank you for this memory.,happiness
I think you need a better partner. Continuing to go after you said you want to stop is kind of abusive.,surprise
I don't think a [NAME] would agree....,disgust
You're a hero.,happiness
"Ahh damn! Gotta pay attention to that, never even knew!",anger
"I play EVE and Im a moron. If I can do it, anyone can. ",happiness
"A burned hand teaches best, after that advice about fire goes to the heart.",happiness
"Just eat it after. Lol. Im kidding, but it would honestly be the best recycling option. Not that anyone is going to do it. ",happiness
"I know. And it's very selfish of me to say, but I just wish it was different people that cared.",happiness
The reason were stuck in the shutdown is the democrats. Plain and simple.,happiness
An online poll that the Berners didn't manage to swarm? Color me shocked.,surprise
What an idiot.,anger
Nice! I missed the Babybel.,sadness
This is awesome! do you have any more artwork on a website or social site? Is this for sale!?,happiness
"Oh I can feel the burn all the way from Australia, even a few months later. Doesn't anyone have a direct source to this post? Thanks.",happiness
"Oh, I realized that moments after rolling down my window, when his hand came through the space. ",surprise
Some rambling paragraphs about what a waste I am and how sorry I am to be a disappointment to those around me and that sort.,sadness
O cool noworries ya I don't actually hate [NAME] he's now my favorite player for Vegas.,happiness
What a baby...,happiness
"If my dog were as ugly as you, id shave its butt, and tell it to walk backwards.",anger
Hmm I wonder why the bot copy text LAOP says is in NY when the original post says LAOP says he's in TX.,surprise
The only thing missing from their stupid play book is some sort of weapons of mass destruction hysteria.,surprise
Nah I'll be right thanks [NAME].,happiness
What a nice person helping the mentally disabled.,happiness
Because they are idiots.,anger
That's forward heavy punch right? Sorry I'm pretty new to SF.,happiness
I was waiting for the delayed explosion and holy cow! That was insane!,happiness
"Wait, I see the problem, you are changing the word observation to assumption, which I think you know is disingenuous.",disgust
And you can amend a tax return. She cant amend a terrible life choice like that.,fear
You seem fun!,happiness
"Exactly. Its serious, but not serious enough for the NFL. And for the list i made, those People still play in the NFL after suspensions. ",happiness
I just call my girl and tell her I love her lol. Easy day.,happiness
"Ah ok, thanks.",happiness
I love me some Cat but someone clearly never read The mists of Avalon.,happiness
Poor kid. He just wanted to rescue his mum from a nefarious organisation. I hope he gets decent representation.,happiness
I wonder so too hehe :D.,happiness
Giving great [NAME] vibes.,happiness
The King of DoorDash. Great work as always.,happiness
My first thought was Superstar!,happiness
Why in the world did you marry her? She's ragging on your own sister???,surprise
Should kids really be lifting weights like that so young? Isn't it bad for you?,happiness
This is gonna need a pt 2 now!,happiness
It really sucks that almost everything we know and love about [NAME] is either told to us by proxy through other characters or is the result of fan-fics/shipping.,anger
Agreed. A case where we're both right. Cheers!,happiness
Shut up nerd.,anger
"Happiest of birthdays, hope you can share it with the ones you love ",happiness
"[NAME] is a 6'5"" [NAME] that can't rebound or defend.",disgust
Ay dude it's mad litty bro. Pull up hit that fatty ghost man whassu.,anger
If you were the OP this would matter.,happiness
I thought you and the other person meant turtles. Which really confused me.,surprise
I guess he exploded because he went below 50 mph.,surprise
Omg why does this sound like [NAME]?,happiness
Its even creepier when its happening TO you. Source: I carried two VERY active babies.,sadness
"Yes. ""You better settle down over there or I'm gonna come talk to ya.""",happiness
Thanks I don't know why it didn't load for me on my phone.,happiness
And let us not forget the lord's privilege with a new bride. Ahhhh......the good old days.,happiness
"I'm gonna be the party pooper and say unless he's disabled, although I sincerely doubt this kid is.",happiness
"Boy it sure is a hot one today, huh?",surprise
I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders.,happiness
"Yeah, obviously. But that the joke relies on calling upon how outraged [NAME] was that he was penalised. ",happiness
Looks like a good DILF look to be fair lol.,happiness
If this data were exportable in CSV format. I would love this website long time. (Github link for feature contributions maybe?).,happiness
Everyones been assuming thats there problem all week anyways haha.,surprise
"Aww, what a cute pair.",happiness
Glad you made the trip from a fellow austinite.,happiness
"No problem at all, glad I could help :) Cheers!",happiness
That's way dangerous to keep then together they may break out and start feedig on the other ear buds to gain heir strength.,anger
These 2 are repulsive little kids.,happiness
I didnt downvote you because I would like to know the reasoning first.,happiness
"What the problem? I mean, steak? Good. Doughnuts? Good!! I dont see an issue. ",happiness
Thank you for posting this. I never heard this particular interview before.,disgust
So what's so funny about what you just said?,anger
"Oh [NAME], oh no, no no no.",happiness
"You went from hot to hot, thats crazy!",happiness
> its exactly the opposite of what I do to get a girl in the mood This is super creepy.,disgust
"I'm after interesting things to read (like science, tech, psychology and etc.). So what's my place?",surprise
Just curious is this church a ministry with multiple branches worldwide with a general overseer? This sounds all too familiar.,happiness
"Yeah. It didn't even work, that's why nobody went crazy. ",sadness
I think you spoke too soon.,disgust
I'm sorry but as someone who travels alone I would be pissed if I was told I can't drink at the bar by myself.,anger
Thank you for reminding me about how much I love the JJBA abridged series.,happiness
Thats amazing!! Congrats!,happiness
Thank you for your advice! I really do appreciate it and will implement it as the kids get older.,happiness
At least it made for hilarious responses by people being aghast by the price.,sadness
You guys rock!,happiness
DuDE -- I aLMOst HAd yoU!!,happiness
I'd rather die than drive a Volvo!,anger
[NAME] deserves better.,happiness
To 6:30. Does that look fake to you?,happiness
Excited to see this kid in red and black some day.,happiness
Ok thanks ,happiness
I played in the WSHL last year and this really isnt a surprise. Its crazy how unbalanced the competition is in that league.,happiness
"If you love the mountains, you should really check it out. The valley can get pretty smoggish in the winter, but usually it's beautiful.",happiness
Obviously lmao weird flex but ok.,surprise
Is this guy from Bogota?! I saw a very similar fellow in Columbia when I was there last year.,surprise
"For you, the day the bison frolicked in the snow was the cutest time in your life, but for me...it was Tuesday. ",happiness
Why not both? go under-cover. in both senses.,happiness
I feel like they are hateful towards everyone but that might be me not understanding their community.,anger
Dang I hope OP took these cause I wish I couldve.,happiness
"July 15, 1996: Yanks to the Rescue! The Secret Story of How American Advisors Helped [NAME] Win.",happiness
Why are you even visiting /r/Artifact if you hate the game so much?,surprise
"Siri ""calling mom would be sad""",sadness
It's not the best hockey but the boys have regrouped nicely after that horrible game in Edmonton.,surprise
That's a really interesting article. Has effectively nothing to do with myth making though.,happiness
"Going through a divorce right now. Her saying ""I love you and maybe we should go to counseling"" would make me more than happy.",happiness
This world doesn't deserve baby sloths!,anger
"So like an anarchist rally in favor of US interventionism? edit : misspelled ""rally"" ",happiness
I really like this.,happiness
Yeah cuz they don't exist lol.,sadness
"Wow, now I am sad.",sadness
Im sorry but I dont think you do.,happiness
"That's really the only standard of your life, whether or not it makes liberals furious? Sad.",sadness
They went to game 7 of the Conference finals last year. Probably would of won if [NAME] didnt get hurt.,sadness
"True, the commonly affiliated ones are mostly just sheer ignorance or things like that.",anger
Papaoutai still leaves me bald.,disgust
"Ooooof, thats annoying. Im sorry.",sadness
I have said many times [NAME] should just quit playing around and open a full on grocery store. Seems like a logical next step.,anger
"Eternal rest grant unto him, O Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon him. May he rest in peace. Amen.",happiness
Nice job with the censor.,happiness
"Fuckkkkk I'm doing Psychology lmfao, am I gonna fail at life now? ",anger
"Oh yeah, from the vulcan council.",happiness
What did he get help with?,happiness
Its even worse because the starter kit is like $70 too right? So in reality she probably made closer to $30.,sadness
Good pick. I love Dream to Dream from the sequel Fievel Goes West.,happiness
And what do you find in the mist in subnautica crystalized sulfur. So I believe this is definitely what they modeled the lost River after baddabang.,happiness
Stars dont get chicks my dude. Good way to let everyone know you are a fucking goober.,disgust
Hahahahahaha you 100 percent got my ass first time in months Ive been got. Thank you.,happiness
Until we win an actual SuperBowl trophy I want all the positive karma.,happiness
When people who know nothing about MLK besides their middle school education talk about MLK.,anger
"Celtic das really are a different breed. If this is how they react to one loss, our next title is going to be fun.",happiness
Please [NAME] thats how I want to go!,happiness
The car analogy is silly because car problems are physical and material and hence clearly factual diagnosable. Toxic masculinity is a squishy theoretical concept.,anger
"Loving it too, has made me forget about BO4 & Destiny 2...so addicting! ",happiness
What prompted you to change? Just curious. She does have a tinge of perfectionism.,happiness
> that hurts my enjoyment of society. Then what could you possibly mean by this?,happiness
Your comment has been removed for shaming. Thanks [NAME].,disgust
I thought about it but I wanted a sub that didn't exist.,happiness
He's just logged off and I can't wait for you to see the final number.,happiness
There would be a lot of sexual tension in faze...,disgust
Grats man. I hit my second live one today coincidentally! Feels good :).,happiness
[NAME] is a happy boi!!,happiness
Buddy you are mad online right now. Take a deep breath or a Xanax.,happiness
"Not with me, no. Im a true social butterfly ",disgust
She and [NAME] seem genuinely happy with each other now. im happy for them both.,happiness
> How can you hate your brother in arms? They managed a damn fine job of it in Weimar Germany.,happiness
An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.,happiness
And let's all not forget the #1 cause of accidents is following too closely(tailgating).,happiness
This is interesting. You want to share experiences with her but not necessarily have sex with her?,happiness
You must be new to character ranking threads if you think I'm *genuinely* upset at some random person's worthless opinions.,happiness
Wow. You don't have any self control?,surprise
Why not use one pick and get help needed to advance to playoffs rather get late 1st player who will be 2-3 away from roster ?,happiness
I actually laughed my ass off so hard i had tears. Well done creator!!,happiness
"Cars don't start, sometimes car doors are frozen shut. that's the worst of what i've experienced.",anger
"We had the chance, but never made the offer last year.",happiness
I just hope you are all right dude.,happiness
> If this article was/is false then the poster should be banned for life Congratulations. You just fundamentally changed how internet works.,happiness
Ah haven't heard of them before. [NAME] is from Fourig which is right outside Dayton. Congrats on your new addition! <3.,happiness
New flavour! I love it!,happiness
I am sorry little one.,sadness
"Enough shit comes out of his mouth, do we really need to put more back in?",happiness
"[NAME] was the only one I actually liked, besides [NAME].",happiness
For those interested in the reference:.,happiness
I BELIEVE! I am sad that likely no one else will see it besides me...,sadness
Very well said.,happiness
[NAME] hand must have burned holding that blasphemous law book.,sadness
I didnt say you should take my word for it. Youre not discussing this sincerely.,disgust
"Run the addresses through the property records. If the mailing address of owner ain't local, they its a lie. ",disgust
I'm appalled that your roommate straight up destroyed perfectly good leftovers that way.,surprise
My favorite kind of post.,happiness
They dont like to be excluded from anything.,disgust
Let's wait and see what punishment they receive before praising Israel.,happiness
Go to Happiest Hour before/after the game. Walking distance b/w AA center. It's a fun spot!,happiness
Nailed it !,happiness
"Oops, accidentally fed the troll. Ah well, we all gotta eat. Guess I'm feeling charitable. ",happiness
Sometimes I get jealous of [NAME].,disgust
I think you might be underestimating some people sadly.,anger
"You didn't write that very clearly at all. I Wish You Would is a cover anyway, and I highly doubt that was the point of the tweet.",surprise
Wow this basically means that 99%of bolliwood movies are basically documentaries! This changes everything!,happiness
Mom-emotions are always heartwarming and honest but dad-emotions make me tear up. Fuck.,happiness
Same love our late 80s and early 90s Unis. When ever I used to play [NAME] I always played with throw back Unis due to helmet.,happiness
Holy fuck this sub is the gift that keeps on giving.,happiness
Amusing considering she isnt a mom.,happiness
They added it back for a short time but removed it shortly after.,sadness
Uhh. Okay. Lol.,happiness
"Nope but here you go. Honestly really disturbing, don't say I didn't warn you.",happiness
"Look up hypersexuality, it's tied with BPD but not every pwBPD experiences it ",disgust
"Yeah I don't get the hate for [NAME] regardless of the hustle thing, there were stretches where he was for real carrying the team hardcore.",happiness
"Thats the future right there, robots trying to help but destroying your whole home in the process. ",disgust
Im always reminded by my relatives on my birthday asking me if I have a girlfriend yet. Sorry bro ima yeet out of the social norm.,sadness
People still do? I thought everyone realized how overpaid he is.,surprise
He's manipulating you by using his mental illness as an excuse for his behavior. He knows what he's doing too.,happiness
"I picked up some sea pods the other day for like $8 us online and I love them, zero leaks and great flavour!",happiness
Awh you're hurt.,sadness
"I hope so and I think they have the ability to, but I just have a bad feeling that they won't.",sadness
"Im not a brexiter. In fact, this is my concern with a second referendum. I'm worried that remain will lose.",fear
I love CO2.... ... as carbonation in beer and soda.,happiness
Yes they do. Thank you for the idea!,happiness
Its never been good lol.,happiness
Unite us. Unite the clans.,happiness
"Ha, nope! Trying to distract myself on mobile in a really boring meeting. r/whoosh.",disgust
Not an awful offer but I don't know if I see AD promising to resign long term in Dallas.,happiness
Im baked and the fact that you updated yourself is extremely satisfying to me so thanks for that.,happiness
Damn. Hope they dont have children.,happiness
You're right! Color me wrong! I sincerely apologize. Smack MY darn head!,happiness
No worries. Just giving you a hard time!,happiness
"Gee, a GIF that doesn't move. Thanks, OP ",happiness
Being so rare and only giving you bad luck? Fake news.,disgust
Being in a 3 person friend group fucking sucks sometimes m8 I feel like the least loved a lot of the time.,sadness
[NAME]* that would have been sliiiiick.,happiness
Not bad at all.,happiness
"Yeah, that teacher was a disaster. She got fired a year later for just being an all around idiot.",anger
"Lol, it seems like your projecting your own problems on me.",happiness
Is it Amazon brand? Genuine question as I didnt even know those existed.,happiness
Does this really work? Any one else try this yet? I'm surprised I've never heard of this before thank you.,surprise
"Honestly, State and Revolution is what made me ananarchist.",anger
Lol. Thanks for the advice friend.,happiness
I'm hoping this is a 12 year old trying to be funny.,happiness
"Don't worry, I'm pretty sure you're right and he's wrong ",happiness
"But primarily, you think external factors are a bigger factor. It's true, after all. ",happiness
"A Visa gift card is a type of Visa card, and you can return money to it just like you can with any other Visa card.",happiness
"I only meant it in kindness, Ive loved this country so far. Youre all so damned friendly here.",happiness
"Based on her other post she's young, pregnant and possibly homeless. Looking for help and advice.",happiness
I dont think anyone on this show has ever joined a sport for exercise. [NAME] is awesome!!!,happiness
You're a turd.,anger
I took in a friend of mine and creating a vanity for her (she loves to do her makeup) is honestly one of my more cherished memories.,surprise
I would spend money on hots again for this skin !,happiness
Its nice but irrelvant. With [NAME] and [NAME] there I only see a no deal exit.,happiness
#THANK YOU FOR THE RED ARROWS. I NEVER WOULD HAVE GUESSED IT WAS THE TOP COMMENT.,happiness
"Sorry, that was a camel (unless you're talking about the remake).",sadness
A grumpy old gardener in a rubber mask?,surprise
Shouldnt you be attacking immigrants on the trains about now [NAME]?,happiness
[NAME] is such a wholesome woman. The world needs more people like her.,happiness
Black people still get shot unarmed. Comparing suffering is stupid and pointless.,anger
"The kid you're replying too is a known [NAME] stan lol, he's gonna argue with any narrative that [NAME] is close to [NAME].",anger
She represents window licking retards.,anger
Wow youre mom is truly living by the love first motto that is [RELIGION].,happiness
Thats amazing. I hope you feel this way for many many days.,happiness
Whats it like to comment on things without bothering to read the context?,surprise
"It's easy to overthink things online, I'm glad you gave him a chance.",happiness
Its hard to look at. Its just gross.,disgust
Holy shit that SSP was beautiful.,happiness
I believe it was a severe dislocation as opposed to a fracture. Regardless....poor guy....,surprise
Its not satisfying at all. If this wasnt [NAME] it wouldnt be popular. Interesting timing considering the [NAME] debacle too.,disgust
You need to lable your factors or else this is indecipherable.,surprise
Imagine being this petty.,happiness
"Unfortunately 22tcm is not standardized, as long as it's Armscor exclusive it's irrelevant.",disgust
I thought it was funny lol. The whole situation was dumb and both sides were in the wrong.,happiness
Yeah... major design flaw.,happiness
I thought legends already started.,surprise
"* [NAME] fought for freedom and glory, is one of my favorite characters in general.",happiness
"He's gonna say ""stop eating chips""",anger
Wow youre pathetic for calling out someone who did something right.,sadness
"I've met very few ""bad"" people in my life. Most people I arrest are ok people who made unfortunate mistakes.",happiness
Glad you enjoyed! Come on down on Mondays. We have trivia and all the burgers are $6!,happiness
Athletes in the making. Can't wait to see them playing professionally.,happiness
Lol alright dude. Nice chat.,happiness
So we are really going to miss the playoffs in the same season as the 10 game win streak... THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE !,sadness
Hes soft. No heart.,surprise
Boring way to get it and unfair with the rest of the pkayers.,anger
Wait... so are ugly people downwoted all the time or they don't post or what is going on here...,surprise
I thought that was the [NAME] special.,happiness
"Kid still sad after eating food, because it WASN'T A HAPPY MEAL.",happiness
That is the squeal of a kid who gets whatever he wants.,happiness
"I'll be there! Should be an interesting foray into STOs, and is a sign of what is to come. ",happiness
"Calling it now, this is the top post of all time. Edit: For reference r/trees historians, I was the first to call it.",happiness
Wouldnt that have to be mutual.,happiness
"Same. I see some people just look really friendly, or just familar. ",surprise
He's eating cheese and watching football in the sky now. Rest in peace!,sadness
"Unlike him, I can make AI.",happiness
No different than people making a big deal about their team winning the super bowl. People find it interesting.,happiness
Women are more neurotic.,sadness
"Do you have any recommended places? A lot of the sites Ive looked at want you to pay, kinda hard when your broke lol. ",fear
"Whine is such an *emotive* term to use. It would be ironic, but youve been trolling here the entire time.",happiness
She deserves to know.,happiness
Half right I am 15 but Im not a goth and just enjoy the taste of human mostly blood but flesh is almost as good.,happiness
Who the hell thinks he isnt overpaid.,anger
"Weird, never had a problem.",happiness
Get your degree first.,happiness
He seems sweet and I think he really loves her.,happiness
Me too. I love it!,happiness
Yeah I wish they could just finish 9th every year in the conference.,happiness
Is your job my job? Because I don't know what it is about hardware stores that make Ppl stupid but hell are they stupid...,anger
"Whaaaat no way, you cant play it with other people? ",surprise
"I'm scared that they would turn out like me, even if I tried really hard to make them nice. ",sadness
"Entire new coaching philosophy is needed. Enough wasted possessions, contested iso mid-range jumpers with 15 seconds left on the shot clock and terrible 3pt defense.",happiness
"Well the irony is that felons are discriminated against, even non violent offenders.",sadness
I think the driver had the heart attack. She did not even give him a wave and a thank you for not smashing her precious child.,surprise
That's a lot of karma!,sadness
The junkies that hang around there can make some good jokes about getting blitz'd.,happiness
>Poly people look at the numbers and just see lots of opportunities ;) I like how that's put.,happiness
Don't eat the [NAME] family. You shouldn't eat trash.,happiness
And hes been with same org with his former teammates before Vegas. That and highly doubt [NAME] would drop a loyal player.,happiness
Where is this video on Doesn't seem to be on any of the pages I loaded.,surprise
"Season 3 onward, pretty much anything with [NAME] makes me laugh. My fav character for sure. ",happiness
Hey guys. Just made some dinner. Came to see the game and check ohhhhh my god.,surprise
"Thanks. Though tbh I think some 3D characters, [NAME] etc could fit in. Though they might be some unlockable characters hidden maybe. ",happiness
Such grace.,happiness
"...except it really IS ""maybe next year.""",happiness
Really wish we had got something like this!,happiness
> lots of ppl dont enjoy pvp I feel like these people are playing the wrong game genres lol.,disgust
Shhhh it's ok.,happiness
Yeah you better hope. I just switched to combat pro from standard and I gotta say my builds are ,happiness
Absolutely. It takes me back to a much happier time. When I die I hope I go to San Junipero.,happiness
"At the very least, Im glad he tried something other than the standard blue. And yeah, I think the title is above-average as well. ",happiness
Thats a move i havent seen before.,surprise
Both are on the right though.,happiness
Thank you so much we do in fact [NAME].,happiness
Theres a cat sitting on my lap right now shes so cute.,happiness
Good luck OP! I'm rooting for you!,happiness
I guess it's fair to say that that's one life ruined.,happiness
Tbh thats kind of the exact player we need...,surprise
Youre not being clear in what youre trying to say. Im unsure how to try to help you in this case.,happiness
"Ya missed a clue there, Guess it never hit ya!",anger
It's bizarre that it's considered normal to intentionally brainwash people into murdering psychos.,anger
It's all hypocrisy and projection. The people smearing him work for [NAME] and [NAME].,disgust
"Her reply is immoral and disgusting but it is also brilliant. She's not trying to convince intelligent people, she's trying to motivate angry jealous people.",happiness
Good luck my tw broskies :(.,happiness
I wonder what was stopping that barber using the lightning network for payments?,happiness
Yeah that was inexcusable.,disgust
"Reminds me of ""It's your city!"" back in The Flash 2X08.",surprise
The lunatic is on the grass.,anger
"You're analogies are terrible and prove the opposite of what you were arguing, numb skull ",anger
"U/-adamsmith perfect troll account name, but at least he united all of r/MLS. Thanks for teaming up, everyone.",happiness
At least they were nice enough to cut the stinger off.,happiness
The analogy was in relation to placing the blame for your unrealistic wants and needs on the person who is denying you them.,disgust
So good to see him and good to see hes doing well! Ive missed him.,sadness
I'm disappointed in you too.,sadness
You're not wrong. Hahaha.,happiness
Poor fella just got his arms out of plaster and were already making fun of him.,happiness
Woohoo! He is motivated and awesome!,happiness
"I did that, I asked for a white doctor and they gave me a list of black doctors.",anger
And now I regret not applying when they opened one in my town even more now. Good times.,sadness
"Gettysburg is awesome, I've been twice. I want to go back as an adult! Have fun!",happiness
"Wow Toxicity has been done thousands of times, becoming less and less original, try something new. NEXT! ",anger
It just feels nice to share uplifting energy with people.,happiness
"This was last year. Didn't go, definitely should have. I'm fine though ",happiness
I know its out of control!,sadness
"Generally, but Chicago has easily gotten 12 inches of lake effect snow in the past.",surprise
Oh there goes gravity.,surprise
Oh boy this aged poorly.,sadness
Time to let the justice system run its course.,happiness
"My 4 month old just got her second round of shots, so yeah, we feel you. Hope you're able to get a good rest!!",happiness
"I personally don't think that is true, but thanks for sharing your view on this.",happiness
Right. which is why he got suspended. because nothing happened. makes sense.,happiness
They announce they hate Brexit first.,disgust
I was the vegan in this story. I have since stopped my foolish ways and have since become a nuclear alpha mega Chad.,sadness
Sending you love ,happiness
"I don't understand why this is funny. All of it honestly. She os body shaming [NAME], why should we love that? ",surprise
If he signs with the Padres: Love If he doesnt sign with the Padres: Indifferent.,happiness
But all this does is hurt the average person not the right way to raise money.,sadness
Omg I used to do something similar?! Yeah Ive worn so many hats and then just kicked them to the curb.,happiness
I mean he is cleay doing *something* right.,happiness
I love how people downvote you because you are right. It's okay dude for honor community is a hive mind of braindead plebs.,happiness
"Wow, you've had your arms open for a long time... Okay! *collapses into your arms*.",happiness
"60 young men standing around... ""Look out that old native dude is coming right at us... DEFENSIVE POSITIONS SHIELDS UP!""",happiness
Have to love Billy's commitment. Absolutely hilarious.,happiness
"Meanwhile, in r/nba *Typical [NAME] publicity stunt with a grandmother, the perfect deflection smh* Probably.",happiness
I dont think spurs gonna sell one of them main player to a rival like that. Not for this little.,happiness
One of my favorite moments.,happiness
"Even one second gets you killed against focus fire, especially if you're discorded, which is almost always in this meta. ",anger
"Love both sports, but this is what annoys me about Boxing when compared to MMA. If this was the UFC this fight would have happened years ago.",anger
Where did you hear this? Sorry I never heard of this and I'm kinda interested now.,surprise
"Nobody will ever be interested in me anyway, so it doesn't matter if I tell people I'm a virgin or not. ",sadness
Oooh is this about [NAME]? Edit: Yup! Sure is!,happiness
This was my biggest problem. And I'd want a nap too. That's why I have to shower at night.,fear
I wonder what he's listening to...,happiness
Dementia is in my family so this is pretty exciting. I also have to wonder if this bacteria could cause other kinds of mental illnesses..,surprise
No jerk behavior from kitten but watching people interact with that machine was mildly fascinating.,happiness
Lawsons Sip of Sunshine! Excellent Vermont beer.,happiness
Cat's trying to tell you to take your damn shoes off.,anger
"I knew the punchline as soon as I read ""Tide Pods"" and I hated both myself and you for it. Take your upvote.",anger
I love the north east. Cant say much for the rest though.,happiness
I can't be the only one who's on this sub because I love it instead of being afraid.,happiness
"Yes, clearly u/backwoodmenace was repeating misinformation intentionally.",anger
I might have exaggerated a bit for comedic purpose. I'm sorry. I'll edit it in.,happiness
Omg [NAME] I can't stand Orange anymore after watching wentworth.,fear
Isn't it the same thing? Or at least equally bad?,surprise
"It's the best, I haven't been so happy in a long time!",happiness
Weird crowd.,anger
Damn this guy just had a bad day!,sadness
"No, it means you have a problem with homophobia and paranoia. A big one. No pun intended.",disgust
Makes no sense. What the hell are you trying to achieve ? Sound like a dumho.,anger
Wow fuk I'm watching that right now.,surprise
Simple lies. Easy lies immoral lies making money. Good life!,happiness
Freedom? Not in New 2013 and its gotten a lot worse since.,disgust
Pleasure. I hope you find the virtues you are seeking in life my friend.,happiness
"Thank you so much for this link, watching [NAME] was an absolute delight! ",happiness
"A pretty fundamental part of talking about racism is having a conversation about defining the term, not re-defining it.",anger
And sock puppets. Wow. Nothing out of you is in good faith.,happiness
> neoprene kayaking gloves Thanks will check them out!!,happiness
Hm okay. Ill tell the technician thats what I believe it is and do some googling now. Thanks for the quick response!,happiness
Turns out they weren't wrong about [NAME] either.,happiness
"LA isnt some scrub team, a win here could really boost us. ",happiness
Maybe post the article since it's already out lol.,happiness
That is the stuff of nightmares...seriously.,fear
TRMZs new video showed this really well. I can't wait for persistence to be ironed out so we start seeing these types of bases all over.,happiness
"I shouldn't be giggle-snorting to this, but internally I am.",surprise
That's the spirit.,happiness
Guilty as well!,fear
I'm 39 and still love being given chocolate.,happiness
Is there any attempt to use non-tainted symbol and to steer a non-hateful discourse in order to represent their pride?,happiness
Hmm. Never saw a COMMENT downvoted!,disgust
Dude nsfw this damn.,happiness
Lmao I hope almost seems like it just vanished. If someone who likes xans finds my wallet theyre in for a good day.,happiness
Felt that so hard too.,sadness
I'm American and only speak English and didn't get that pun either...,happiness
Oh damn thats a pretty good idea!! thanks!! :).,happiness
OH NO NO NO NO.,sadness
Dont tweets have to be formatted a certain way? Only thing I can think of.,happiness
Wanna know how hard I hit it? I hit it into next week.,happiness
Damn ive been hard on brown but he's been looking like 15-16 [NAME] this game.,sadness
Careful! They're trying to steal yer Lucky Charms!  *they're magically delicious!* ,happiness
"[NAME] is a murderer,a psychopath and he wants just to kill him.",sadness
Fuck this gif.,anger
Yeah I don't think so lol.,happiness
What if gets in your belly button? And doesn't it trickle down the side?,happiness
Id love to get an update on what happened! (When you are ready).,happiness
Youre looking at hard time mate.,happiness
Did you include Euterpe street... you know I have strong feelings about it /u/mojomartini.,happiness
I will never understand why streaming is entertaining.,surprise
Howd i get downvoted? Lmao. I love drones and think they cant be beat for SaR and aerial mapping... thats why i forwarded the proposal!,happiness
Yes! She lost more!,sadness
Whoops. Didnt know that was a thing. Thanks!,happiness
The real [NAME] is always in the comments. Thank you internet stranger.,happiness
The way that ladder is attached to the building is pretty terrible.,sadness
"If you wanna be my lover, You gotta get with my fat, Make it last forever, Inconvinience never ends.",sadness
"No thank you, I'm just here to use your bathroom.",happiness
"How many times did you end up shouting ""Bingo!""",anger
She refuses them by inhaling them [I'm sorry if that sounded bad plz no downvite].,disgust
They sure do love their fanfiction!,happiness
[NAME] woulda been better smh.,happiness
Plz pm the telegram group thanks.,happiness
Thats not the whole.,disgust
Im glad to see [NAME] finally get the big screen presence they deserve.,happiness
"No. Why? Weird question. Unfortunately, the CCP would be suppressing me if I were. Better than ending up in a Xinjiang concentration camp though. ",happiness
Whats more scary than a yellow man? A yellow man using yellow colour.,fear
I love [NAME] and how openly she is in supporting him to run.,happiness
"That person my friend, you will remember till the day you die. The simple treasures. ",surprise
My Goddess went to prison and all I got was this crappy t-shirt.,anger
Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.,anger
"With all those hours he spends humping his thesaurus, looking back on posts would be virtually impossible.",disgust
Link to the crack tweet?,surprise
[Did you really love the outcast cat in the photograph; editorializing is no longer permitted.,happiness
Anybody know what injury [NAME] specifically has? LGD.,happiness
"Low life is as low life does. I wouldn't be too surprised if he's broke by the time he's middle aged, unfortunately.",sadness
The very worst possible route they could have gone.,disgust
"He rapes , but he creates.",anger
"I dont know about romance, but I can certainly speak for the [NAME].",happiness
Its a bit weird of them to recommend you a song by The Strokes after they told you their offer.,disgust
"I know, that's why it's a little unfortunate they don't have a test. ",disgust
"That's so good to hear and I know stress/anxiety is a factor but idk how to get rid of it, glad for you though.",happiness
I just came off of watching all of his movies. Dear [NAME]. I love and hate them at the same time.,happiness
That would have been cool for sure.,happiness
Wait. What. How?,surprise
My good girl.,happiness
Yeah 150 is a little much. Reverting to 125 would be perfect.,surprise
That's so sweet.,happiness
"December 2003, would get one also :D would love to have it.",happiness
Snatched her up with the quickness.,happiness
I can easily relate to that as well. The siblings are the ones who will stick with us for the whole journey to the very end.,happiness
"I'll handle what ever comes my way, I adore our children. :).",happiness
Theres the link I use you stupid fuck get the fuck off my post you fucking shill.,anger
"I would hope the guy is genuine and honest, but in my circumstances, there's not much closure. ",happiness
"Hell, no. Teenagers just aren't that interesting.",sadness
Same reaction I had last week when I learned that [NAME] was once engaged to [NAME].,surprise
"And lo, for he took to Facebook and quoth righteousness, and the people were joyful, and gave unto him many ""likes.""",happiness
"Just be good and you wont lose, ez.",happiness
For a moment there I thought I was the only one! Pretty awesome and I had no idea.,happiness
[NAME] i want to slap the shit out of her.,happiness
Lol thank god someone else thinks this. There's nothing overly premium or innovative about the Elite controller.,happiness
"I tried it that way first and thought this was better, thanks for the input though! ",happiness
I hope she will. I will regret it until she does and even after that I may still regret all I did.,happiness
I'm not taking sides but 14 AB vs 182...,disgust
I called an ambulance for my friend without knowing it was against her wishes. She never blamed me but I felt really bad about it.,sadness
"Imagine if [NAME] wins the power and uses it at the noms, not realizing [NAME] wasn't even planning on nominating her lol.",happiness
And then attacking you as a person when you say you'd prefer not to be stalked and murdered. Sorry but your friend is a problem.,sadness
"Sorry, didn't know where else to put it.",surprise
Yeah imagine if he had been as efficient as the beginning of the season. We would have at least 2 more.,sadness
"As long as the ink isnt on a contract, I dont listen to any rumors. Waste of time.",disgust
This is disgusting.,disgust
Her meal looks pretty good...,happiness
"Finally, I can sit on another persons lap and have them not be disgusted.",happiness
I have never had so many heart attacks..,surprise
That's really interesting. Thank you for the information. It's just hard to imagine lives you'll never live.,happiness
"""Help! It's an educated brown woman! Help meeeeee!""",sadness
Thank you ,happiness
[NAME] didn't want to win though. She got what she asked for.,happiness
Good to hear! I'm just gonna buy it when i'm done with my second playthrough so that i can judge Andromeda for myself.,happiness
[NAME] looks like he just saw the Star Wars holiday special.,happiness
FOR THE PEOPLE.,anger
[NAME] what a dork you are to think the above comment means I am daft to the behavior endured by women for way too long.,sadness
> not broken I beg to differ.,disgust
Could have been worse if a piece of metal exploded into him instead harmlessly on the beach.,anger
Step one is done! Now just to get rid of the rest of the incompetence here.,happiness
When traffic is moving it is definitely not legal nor safer. I hate how dip shits like you spread false information on this [NAME] forsaken subject.,anger
How are your trolls really this bad.,sadness
It's as though it all melts away the moment you realize it's not true.,surprise
"I meant that either one has no scientific backing and was just made by random people, knowing how much people love lables.",happiness
I wish I could say the same. This is where I come to confront white supremacists. r/CompleteAnarchy and r/ChapoTrapHouse too.,happiness
Im kind of overdunked actually.,anger
I didnt know I could roll my eyes this far into my head.,happiness
Great quote for a fictional universe in which you can speak with ghosts of the deceased. Sadly doesnt offer comfort here.,happiness
Youre your own worst enemy.,anger
"We're not the only one that has it, but for a city of our population, we're probably one of the worse offenders.",sadness
"Lol, as he goes down on you he suddenly screams into your vagina ""THE BEES THE BEES"".",happiness
A lot more potential than Crowder. Maybe not my best comparison.,disgust
Omg I love these kinds of dates. Who initiated ??,happiness
Bet flop. Good [NAME] what are you doing on the river.,happiness
A girl that ugly only liking me isn't a compliment its an insult and it shows [NAME] hates me.,sadness
"Okay. Then what does ""anti-imperialism"" mean to you? ",happiness
"Nope, its what you said. If 17 isnt a child then what are they?",surprise
Sorry. This thing knows whats up!,happiness
Hahaha where was this when I started out.,happiness
I think you didn't read the whole post. Go to the eye doctor.,happiness
She's getting younger and younger. Which wouldn't be that big of a deal if this post didn't exist.,happiness
Maybe you should smoke some and relax.,happiness
The Nexus 6 is my favourite phone even though its a few years old but no one knows Moto or Nexus phones so.....,happiness
This was one of the best Reddit reads in a long time... great job.,happiness
"Did anyone see the ladies sitting behind the Hawks' bench?? WOW, like smoking hot.",happiness
The guy at the deli this morning when I went to get ham looked liable to collapse.,fear
There better not be any more DNP games for [NAME] the rest of the season.,happiness
"Yeh but i had to check. Like, what if i didn't post here and kept it to myself.",happiness
10/10. The end had me rolling tho lol. Got me at the right moment.,happiness
"And also, turning someone's hands into spaghetti is cruel and inhumane and not a reasonable punishment for theft.",anger
Fuckin' HockeyMod is almost as inconsistent as the Sens are.,anger
"Im sorry if I hurt your fragile ego, you should get off the internet lol.",sadness
The fact [NAME] met her at the airport should tell you all you need to know about why they did it. What a farce.,happiness
Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad.,sadness
He appeals to the conversation. Basically doesnt have a firm stance on anything of much importance and will flip flop based on his guest.,disgust
That's quite an arrangement.,happiness
Hey now I masturbate in my own filth and I don't take kindly to being compared to these people.,anger
"Can we all agree to stop lending credibility by calling tiny fringe groups like these ""movements""? There are dozens of us! DOZENS!",surprise
"Hey man, as a [NAME] living part time in South Africa, I really appreciate you making a beautiful version of our flag :).",happiness
"I would start laughing, screaming seems inappropriate.",happiness
I'd say we should dump him somewhere at sea but the oceans are already pretty polluted... :(.,happiness
"Its all the anger, it ages her terribly ",anger
Life is just an endless series of disappointments and no one gets out of here alive.,happiness
She is only good if a team has good communication. (And this is a ~600hr sombra main saying this.).,happiness
Tell me about it. Never felt like I fit into this gen.,happiness
"Ignoring the refs for a second, [NAME] defense always does well against us.",surprise
"Thanks, fixed it.",happiness
Will add to Plano's directory when I make it. Thanks!,happiness
I'm still worried about [NAME] though :(.,sadness
He should have become an Uber driver.,happiness
No it really is there maybe you suck at google.,disgust
"[NAME] is the type of point guard the Magic need. Efficient scorer, fast slasher, and great court vision.",happiness
"I need to know this as well, so I hope no one minds if I leave a comment here.",happiness
What would you consider to be oppression of women?,happiness
I'm just saying as far as having incoherent political worldviews goes... it's ironic...,happiness
Source: /g/169743. He's saying this to [NAME] ~~(OWO)~~ if anyone's curious.,happiness
"I gotchu bro, house By Gucci Mane Im a huge Gucci mane fan. ",happiness
Beak makes no sense. Well beaks make no sense anyway but this one especially.,disgust
Where's the love button.,happiness
Couldnt agree more.,disgust
"Thank you, brother.",happiness
You should check out my comment at the bottom of this thread of why I somewhat support antifa. This comic is obviously fearmongering conservatives.,happiness
Well if you read my other posts youd know I did try to end it in a responsible mature way and he refused sooo.,disgust
"The 5 days got an audible ""[NAME]"" out of me. That's terrifying. ",fear
This really circled my jerk.,anger
I like it when a girl's nails are done. Nothing over the top long but I love french tips. Plus they're great for back scratches.,happiness
"Even [NAME] had a few missed dunks and airballs. Extremely rare, but they happened. ",happiness
I fail to see the downside of that.,sadness
"Wow, I was JUST wondering what the bit characters on the show make. $250? - thats it?!",happiness
Because it has rough areas. Which near enough every city/town in the central belt has.,happiness
This is stupid.,anger
That's awesome to hear :).,happiness
[NAME] awful.,fear
"Ah, our primary investigator picks another hole with his salt mining tools. Well done.",happiness
I'm not trolling. This push for pro vaccines just seems strange.,surprise
"Well tickle me pink. Thanks for following up, I enjoyed the read.",happiness
Its just a nice gesture. dont make it so deep lol.,happiness
I kill him before he kills me during the date.,anger
Perfect World was my first mmorpg that I played for years. Super fond memories of the game.,happiness
"So you ignored the part I was clearly responding to, though, and decided you needed to explain the other thing. That makes sense to you?",disgust
Not predictable enough to ever pull it out at the beginning of a round.,surprise
He's a sexist piece of shit regardless so.,anger
"Hes looking for a handout of 3 free meals a day, education and skill training and a roof over his head. Jail, it works.",happiness
*The Daily Wire.* Lol.,happiness
The figuring it out part seems really hard.,disgust
"No problem, it warms my heart to help slower people understand things.",happiness
Absolutely. It's exhausting.,sadness
But it's soooo obvious.,surprise
True but also it's not a dilemma ; if they try something like Tiananmen they will likely die. So not very tempting to try to change things.,happiness
I will take it a as serious question. Sorry. I am in Europe.,anger
Worrying about [NAME] during a game is ridiculous. Especially when he's currently 6-11 from the field.,fear
This was the most fun I've had watching a game since [NAME] 35 point game.,happiness
"Shit, I guess I accidentally bought a Pay-Per-View boxing match.",sadness
"Excuse me, my friends cousins uncles brothers friends fathers nephews sons friends great grandfathers great great great grandfathers friend was a police officer back in 1776.",happiness
Thank you for these advices can't wait to make them to the test ;).,happiness
I had a feeling...crazy what that guy can do to his body.,happiness
Im gonna love it if that happens to me.,happiness
Awesome! [NAME] is stilling kicking it through the uprights!,happiness
This is scary to know that you went through. People like this are one step away from coming home with a gun or knife.,fear
Tell me more...,happiness
Self-selecting user ratings are not a reliable representation of the entire audience. They are meaningless numbers.,sadness
Surprised he's in. Imagined he was concussed. He was on another planet for a bit.,happiness
:) thanks on behalf of kiwi. Hes quite handsome.,happiness
Are you kidding? She literally got on top of him while he was tripping and he's the asshole?,disgust
Pretty normal! I have a friend who is exactly the same :).,surprise
"Also, note how the First Order recruits....children. That certinetly could lead to rampant abuse.",happiness
"So you abandoned your Russian heritage for... what, exactly? The things you are describing are the result of the west screwing Russia over.",surprise
And? That still doesnt debate the fact that hes all about the money?,happiness
"LOL, that made me chuckle. Have a good one, [NAME]! ",happiness
They have my favorite reality shows too like Hells Kitchen and Survivor.,happiness
Like [NAME] and [NAME]!,happiness
Damn this comment history is something else did Willy kill your dog or something.,surprise
Made by [NAME] who also was involved with Sacred Games so I think you'll enjoy it.,happiness
Haha yes! Ill do that to my cat all the time. He seeems to appreciate the assist.,happiness
[NAME] combat is terrible and the only reason I dont play it anymore.,fear
"You may have to a coding bootcamp. Bad news is its not in your house, good news is I hear they actually work.",surprise
There's an Arby's/Long John Silvers near where I live. I'm glad they don't cross menu items.,happiness
I'm happy to go without but if it's readily available then everyday.,happiness
Pretty much lol.,happiness
At least [NAME] got to touch UFC gold. Not many people can say the same. In good company.,surprise
"Sew up that cockholster son, no one gives a fuck.",anger
I think you're doing a great job modding <3 Can I have flair now?,happiness
"I guess the top left forgot to read the part of history where their ideology failed many times, and killed many people.",surprise
"Just got back,amd I realized that The Ducks are getting clutterfuckedd.",disgust
I dropped him around week 6 and let somebody else deal with that headache.,anger
Google Video Game Addiction. Youre already at step one. You know you have a problem.,surprise
"Fox News devoted 42 seconds on [NAME], wow.",surprise
Entire planet should be good.,happiness
What a nice moment. Being in nature is super helpful to me for these moments :).,happiness
That mightve been the worst pass hes ever thrown. Yikes.,disgust
Nah man [NAME] gets made fun of more than anyone lmao.,happiness
[NAME] is worse.. [NAME] is really bad as well..,happiness
Imagine being an Iowa AND Northwestern basketball fan this year...,happiness
We are on the same boat mate. Im pretty sure many people did.,happiness
Somewhere to buy a hella warm winter coat? #polarvortex.,happiness
"Can you explain what you mean? I read this as you would allow someone to insult, emasculate and demean you. ",anger
"Man that dude seems to be having a blast at the character select screen. I'm so hyped, where do I sign up?",anger
"Denying and lying or walking into a minefield what ""nice"" choices @.@.",happiness
After the first sentence you were my best friend. Then came the second sentence and now I really dont like you.,happiness
I never understood the real harm until I started reading about childhood emotional neglect and how much it affected me. It's very common with nParents.,surprise
"Lol- nah, she is pretty cool as far as that goes. She loves hosting people. 95% of her wardrobe is [NAME] though :(.",happiness
That really is fantastic.,happiness
Wow I think you've really got her now.,surprise
"Screw DBs swill, their creepy Children of God (cult) employees, and the traffic mess it creates on Rural in Tempe.",anger
I feel bad for that other little girl that was the only one not to get a puck.,sadness
"You probably just have a fashion preference, if you arn't dysphoric about it then you don't have another gender really. ",surprise
I guess the trick is not to eliminate susceptibility to 51% but to minimize it extremely.,disgust
This is so good! Thank you I love this way of thinking of it. That might be helpful to explain it to them.,happiness
"To see how much he really cares, what he will do, it usually backfires on me though :(.",happiness
">Yes, I know that you like to talk about yourself a lot :P I do use a lot of words. It's actually embarrassing. ",sadness
Theres a big difference between I felt bad for her but there was nothing I could do and not my problem.,sadness
Yeah I've become extremely cynical since I started making these sorts of realizations.,happiness
Were lucky we were able to get this much money back for him wish him all the best in spain.,happiness
And we'll be surrounded by friends.,happiness
Oh boy....,sadness
"In other words, being a woman but not identifying with your oppression. How special.",disgust
Super wet board.. this feels like a set What? ,happiness
"[NAME], I thought we warned you about trying to collect ""data"" from this place.",surprise
"730,000 readers and only 6 posts in a week? Wow...",happiness
I'm so excited for this game!! ,happiness
"Amen, block all immigration.",anger
Also looks pretty ,happiness
Lmao we really tried that again.,happiness
What other account do you think is mine?,happiness
"Yay, coming out is hard, you're lucky that they didnt avoid you for the next month, I'm happy for you.",happiness
Oh well I guess. Can't blame you for that. We aren't all [NAME] though.,surprise
What did it say?,happiness
Rest can be so damn broken.,anger
I wish you have a best luck on your journey.,happiness
This. Its not uncommon for [NAME] at all. The world seems to be paying attention more now and thats the only difference.,anger
I didn't see it either! I feel like the kid at the birthday party that didn't get a piece of cake...,sadness
"I wouldn't even call this a CB, she wasn't offered anything and turned it down. Still sad, though. ",disgust
"Ehh, still pretty ambitious lobs for [NAME] though. I'd get it if it was [NAME]. ",happiness
Damm. The more you know .,anger
"Like they ""went for it"" against the [NAME] administration for lying the nation into war? ",sadness
"Of course I have. Its nothing, absolutely nothing like this. Its just a few much bigger pieces that break apart now.",surprise
I love the fact that he is a complicated character makes it challenging.,happiness
This is amazing man. Congrats and keep em coming.,happiness
This is a toxic behaviour.. get rid of him as soon as possible.,anger
I'm just reminding everyone. you're not helping the situation by being pedantic.,disgust
Well good luck! Hoping to see you in my diamond games soon. Psn is LokleLad if you ever wanna stack.,happiness
"Too bad no crossprog with PS4 thanks to Sony, though I heard gamedevs are trying to talk it out with them.",happiness
Combination of lapses in defense and the continuing saga of the Sabres' god awful PP.,disgust
Nice. How is prep going??,happiness
"I recently came upon the term ""that slaps"" in reference to delicious food, or simply an enjoyable experience. ",happiness
Nah it's cool. We love you. Please don't do terrible things.,happiness
My favourite moment of the game by my favourite player.,happiness
"Who was it? I got here after it was deleted, and I'd like to read the comment history.",happiness
"What's that thing you have pointed at your head, selloboy? Gun, forest, gun!",surprise
I'd be shocked if he knew much of anything about the EU.,surprise
"Maybe I'm crazy but to me it looks like she's just giving a ""thank you"" nod.",anger
"And do they all follow her main account? See, she has fans, they just all happen to be her. Lol.",happiness
Love hearing [NAME] talk about money not gonna lie.,happiness
It would bother me so much to be so dependet from a Person. I am sure there is a way you can go without a person sponsoring You.,happiness
Future is bright to me!,happiness
"Ooo... ""authentic incel porn."" Not gonna lie, I would watch an incel lose his virginity if the production value was even half decent.",surprise
"See [NAME] this is the problem, I dont know if youre talking about cutting people in half or halving the population.",surprise
"I understand that there are issues. However, if someone chose to stay away from Perth due to the violent behaviour then where would they go on holiday?",fear
"The game certainly feels unfinished, at least on PC. some horrible mouse controls, using a controller is almost necessary.",anger
"Im glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims. ",happiness
Funny. I take mine out of the hair tie and leave it down or in a loose clip.,happiness
Well i am gonna have to try it now and will post it in /r/food.,happiness
I'm just happy I have the Pen to watch and listen too when the Steelers are on the brink of collapsing...PLUS no locker room drama...,happiness
"Oh my god, zero-calorie Gatorade is a thing ^(i don't care how many chemicals are in it if its zero-calorie).",surprise
"Yes, I will GI A+B6 LH more often, it's really good. Thank you for the tip!",happiness
Go to the police. Get a restraining order. That is not okay.,happiness
Thank you so much! This summarizes a lot!,happiness
"Next time just donate to charity, I find that I ruin less coffee's that way.",happiness
Hard to expect much when he has not been involved in the offense for most of the season.,disgust
"Awesome, let's celebrate! Send the free pack over here ;).",happiness
And then you see some idiots in the street walking with their speakers listening to reggaeton out loud (at least in Spain).,anger
My thoughts exactly. Love me some malicious compliance.,happiness
Cheese Most of my friends love cheese so much that Im scared to tell them that I can barely even bring myself to eat it.,fear
Uhhhh... didnt yall just eat the light lunch that you said you wanted on your preference sheets? Shut up.,anger
"Sadly, he seems immune to bans. He also dodges them with alts like [NAME].",happiness
"""A lion never stretches before it hunts."" ... Glad to see he's already on board with Green Bays injury first mindset. ",happiness
Really feeling you today.,happiness
Hes jackin him off! Giving him the Bolton Special no doubt.,happiness
"I like him 1.thats why I agree to go on a 2nd and 3rd date, 2. we text a lot. I just take things slow.",happiness
"Dude want's to help his mother... cool I do the same, my mom lives in my basement. But he is doing it with my money!",anger
He looks normal. This entire post is a massive reach.,happiness
Local man screams on >!cosplayer!< for absolutely no reason.,anger
Thanks [NAME]!,happiness
Look at the party platforms for green parties. [NAME] and [NAME] proudly helped to shut down a local nuclear reactor.,happiness
"*She. This was posted by a woman, apparently. Its just as disgusting either way though.",disgust
You are a true hero.,happiness
"You're right, I should stop being so worried about other people. Family is forever.",happiness
This moment always reminded me of being a kid and turning on Nickelodeon only to find Nick News with [NAME]. Ultimate disappointment.,sadness
"Yeah. She kills herself, but by accident. ",anger
"Whats not true, exactly? That population differences affect influence? That politicians know where their voters are and play to those strengths? ",surprise
">We should just turn the word ""love"" into ""rape"" so that liberals say they rape their moms!",surprise
"[NAME] might be all those things, but he pissed me off canceling his appearances at Coachella and Govs Ball. Very unwavy of him ",disgust
My Dachshund loves trying to lick my son's mouth when he's laughing. Every single time.,happiness
No no Im repeating it because I absolutely love the descriptor! It made me crack up.,happiness
Where you lost them.,surprise
"No pain or anything, I didnt even notice it was gone until I looked. It was an interesting experience ",happiness
"Morocco sucks, I dont blame you for not wanting to go.",sadness
FYI that [NAME] quote is not only false but also not an [NAME] quote.,disgust
Why am I excited for the new season.,surprise
"Great response, I too love being in my 30s. Embrace it fella ",happiness
"That's a new one.... Wouldn't have lasted long in my room though, lol. ",happiness
I had a friend who got cussed out hardcore because his last name was [NAME] koons...and that was his exact response lol.,happiness
Thats actually a great idea if I ever have a kid that acts like I did!,happiness
Welcome! :).,happiness
And it is always because of a dropped combo that should have killed.,anger
"Yeah, you're trying to twist things to fit your narrative.",disgust
Thoroughly entertaining.,happiness
I did marry [NAME].,happiness
"I guess not, thanks for clearing it up mate.",happiness
If [NAME] goes back to the Nationals their lineup and rotation are going to be nasty! I'm still hoping he lands outside of the division.,happiness
Teach her the importance of standing up for herself and being a strong person.,happiness
YES!!!! I will never understand why some post rants complaining that they cant make $$ off another persons hard work.,anger
Sad but true.,surprise
Your belief is literally killing children.,sadness
> 1 in 4 women will be victims of sexual assault. 4 in 4 idiots will believe this without proof.,happiness
"This is more like Instant Karma. The schadenfreude is strong with me, here! Wish I could upvote this twice! :).",anger
"Suddenly, the **average** block confirmation became an unchangeable API paramter? Wow. Just wow.",anger
Oh fuck. Is that legal?,anger
I understand your frustration with [NAME] hate but [NAME] as a character though... /s.,anger
Fair enough but I would imagine it's a small enough number that we can deal with. Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater...pun intended.,happiness
Don't forget that labour cannot win a majority by itself. They would need to make a deal with the SNP.,disgust
Which makes it even weirder that he hasn't played [NAME] yet. He seems born for that role.,happiness
I recomend a Jasikevicius from Litva :) Sorry for English.,sadness
Oh my [NAME].,surprise
If you're not helpless so be super easy to fix.,happiness
Should I skip 1 and go straight to 2?,surprise
Thank you so much. Happy New Year to you to.,happiness
"That's exactly why I think it would be a bad idea to scrap the program wholesale. Though, I still think that stadium is ludicrous. ",happiness
You should tell the bison in Yellowstone they aren't really wild animals.,happiness
Im fine with that. Im happy to be banned from subs like that.,happiness
I feel like it's a one big woosh.,happiness
Right? He actually came across as level headed and mature here so that was a shock.,happiness
Good luck buddy!,happiness
"Lol, pretty sad that even in your fake revenge fantasies you come across as a huge asshole.",sadness
Why am I seeing this everywhere now? This wasn't in my vocabulary last week.,surprise
"Aha! This is my fear, that the gloss over key elements because they want to target a wider audience!",fear
In case anyone is questioning...the title is sarcastic.,happiness
It looks like you might have some sand in your angina.,happiness
"[NAME], thanks for playing [NAME].",happiness
Everyone is homo... homosapien.,happiness
Lol... that is awesome.,happiness
> He's finished. What does 'finished' mean specifically here? I think most of the previous times I've heard this phrase it's been sarcastic.,surprise
It doesn't have to only effect one for it to affect women.,disgust
Well then town is flummery for not guilty'ing the mafia lol.,happiness
"Oh, cool. Thats the TF all the little kids like nowadays.",happiness
I hope i can go my way to my fullest potential one day^^.,happiness
I didnt understand because its not dark mode.,surprise
Please stop pointing your fingers in my face.,anger
"He tried to motivate the team in the locker room but i think it was [NAME] who was like ""just sit down festus""",happiness
Trash pick up vehicle driver. Uh.. a garbage man?,surprise
"I agree, thanks for the help and sorry for the late response.",happiness
That would be against my own morals to do that. But theres an island off the coast of India that would be delighted to do that.,happiness
Lol this happened literally 5-10 seconds after the screenshot was taken too.,happiness
That poor janitor.,sadness
So THATS how he got the room for that backhanded top 10 nhl goal...,surprise
Its sad that some parents cant accept some simple mistakes.,sadness
These were one of the worst commentators I have ever been forced to listen to. The jokes were so cringe-worthy.,disgust
"Oh hey, I think a second ago [NAME] just put a move on [NAME]! Oh boy I wonder how that was.",happiness
Ah the city of brotherly love <3.,happiness
Haaaahaaaahaaaa! Been there. I had a little kid do the [NAME] handshake on me. I just looked confused.,happiness
"I'd rather just make the playoffs and worry about winning a series once we are there. Also, I like our chances against anyone except Tampa.",fear
Hoping Heavy Machinery get the win. Would like to see them as champs.,happiness
The chicken and bacon one sounds absolutely baller. Ill have to check it out! Thanks.,happiness
I thought it was pretty hype.,surprise
Fucking fuck! 2 (or more) sets of fucking socks in fucking sandals.,disgust
These [NAME] impersonators are getting terrible.,disgust
Wow nice job. how long did it take? My Day is coming soon.,happiness
"Im going to be doing the same. Best of luck to you. Stay strong, you can do it!",happiness
I can't stand having my motives questioned.,disgust
Ok that was a rude way to send him off. Can I have hot doctors again.,fear
Probably yes. Impossible to say without details. Has he tried giving the bill to his insurance?,happiness
Im guessing this is in response to an advertisement from the shaving company Gillette. missed my chance....contextttt!,surprise
I'm always paranoid of people following me when I am driving home. I would have pooed my pants yikes.,disgust
I love making fun of social outcasts.,happiness
I wouldn't get your hopes up until you've been dating a while.,happiness
Love em or hate em I think we can all agree that was blatant PI.,surprise
I'd love [NAME] to smash some faces in.,happiness
That would be fantastic!!,happiness
Wrong person? Nothing I said could or should be construed in that way.,disgust
"Might as well give Baron [NAME] a shot. He stepped aside for [NAME], he probably deserves a real shot now. ",happiness
(insert [NAME] meme) THEFT?!,happiness
Damn it!,anger
"Good luck dude, it probably wont be as bad as you think ",disgust
Mf perioded on my new sofa.,anger
Brother I desire your honey.,happiness
"I have no idea what youre talking about, so do you have carpentry experience and/or background in engineering?",surprise
Yep happening to me all the time at my college. Fuck everything.,anger
I thought we had a rule against incel content?,anger
Everyone has their own preferences I happen to play better when I have multiple balls in my pockets.... no pun intended.,happiness
This sounds like a tangent from Brows Held High. I like it.,happiness
"I believe that this may be meant for the person above me, for I have moved into the realm of monetized bananas. ",surprise
"I love your art style, that looks fantastic!",happiness
> As long as they dont bother people or start a mess. When are they not?,happiness
What is cringe about this?,surprise
"Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.",happiness
"Her upper lip always looks terrible - such an easy fix, cant believe she is so vain and never bothers to wax ",sadness
"Desperation is unattractive, stop being so desperate. Love yourself before you can love someone else.",happiness
Oh you got me. Good one.,happiness
"Always remember that when problems get hardcore, Pornshit will be there to Worst them.",sadness
Im surprised she didnt name him Allesandrostien.,sadness
"Honestly at this point they need to do that or adjust [NAME] 3d model. The command grabs literally go thru opponents constantly, it looks weird as hell.",anger
Hahaha I KNEW y'all were gonna post this.,happiness
"Sounds like you two are really good together - cheers, and much happiness to you both!",happiness
"Saw it. Loved it. Wasn't hating on [NAME] man, was just commenting on what I was watching lol. ",happiness
I've never been more disturbed by a dog.,anger
"Not everyone find it meaningful, but it helped me and my friends at least :) Hope others may find it useful too.",happiness
"[NAME] with 8 mins, [NAME] with 30. Disagree.",disgust
Even after the initial testing? Thank you!,happiness
Oh fucking come on.,anger
Cuddling. God damn is it comforting to just snuggle up in my girlfriend's arms and sit there for a while.,happiness
I could see [NAME] doing something but [NAME] and [NAME] won't say anything.,disgust
"I'm not surprised someone asked that. Good [NAME], people are stupid.",anger
"Pedophilia is a gender, shitlord.",anger
They are both owned by the same parent company and they probably wanted to get their money's worth since Taco Bell isn't really prevelant in EU.,surprise
[NAME] cant space and [NAME] is getting worse defensively.,disgust
I was once nearly run over by a moped that was doing 60 MPH in a parking lot. Your comment reminded me of that.,surprise
At my job I can/Do get laid a lot so the second one!!,happiness
"Yikes I am not reading that, the napkins are over there sir, have a nice day.",disgust
It would be really bad for relations between the two cities if we took Memphis' NBA team.,disgust
"What am I supposed to understand from the phrase ""1v1 fam, a duel"".",anger
I think Im about to die from cringe overdose.,fear
I literally didnt but ok.,anger
This is why you dont brag online and post personal gun pics. It can be used against you in a court of law.,anger
Thank you!,happiness
Oh [NAME] I love [NAME]!,happiness
Its acts as a moisture barrier so the bread wont get soggy no matter what you put in it.,happiness
You can. I've used my Kroger-linked phone number while travelling to other states with success.,happiness
I thought you were just going to wait her out. You actually engineered her loss of space to someone else. WELL DONE!!!!,happiness
I never knew cringing could be so ...cathartic.,sadness
That moment when you feel isolated in r/ForeverAlone. Never had anyone like me.,anger
Have you talked to your boyfriend about your feelings?,surprise
I hate deer. Damn big assed rats.,disgust
"If you're old school like me, you will always hate the Cowpokes more. ",anger
The thought that the armed forces of the US unironically use it is hilarious.,happiness
For both of you together? The fuck company are you using.,anger
"Cool, Ill check it out. Thanks.",happiness
This is something I try to do every day and it makes me feel so at peace.,happiness
There is clear video of them harassing people before any confrontation.,anger
"I don't know the German language, but I'm pretty sure I know what ""scheisse"" means.",happiness
The worst part is that neither party appears to have learned anything from this dumpster fire.,surprise
I think that you might just need to wait a little for the right significant other to show up.,happiness
The bonus video you linked is absolutely adorable!,happiness
"[NAME], now you have my attention. Do you want your fun fact or no?",happiness
"Wish more people shared your thoughts, it will make the world a better place. ",happiness
I cringe every time [NAME] is in a fast break because it usually ends with his shot getting spiked lol.,happiness
"What a warrior [NAME], good job being tough. Thats a flagrant!",happiness
"Wow, youre so generous with other peoples money.",happiness
Thats so cool! I cant wait to see when its finished!,happiness
When people don't understand things they invent gods. how little we have changed in all these years.,anger
He was horrible.,disgust
"Excellent! I hope that EU countries will issue statements of support themselves too, soon. Prime opportunity to really piss into Russias breakfast for once.",happiness
Yes we are. That's why they get arrested and given long jail sentences.,happiness
Why the fuck is this getting downvoted.,disgust
"Write a reply by all means, but be gentle and respectful.",happiness
Thank you for this!,happiness
Wow  you really convinced me... like gtfo here.,surprise
"Oh yes, we are.",happiness
"This junk is entertainment to most of you, but I just can't take anymore.",anger
The altcoin thread!? This is the first time I've seen it in 6 months.,surprise
"Whoa now, easy there on the logic.",happiness
Wait did hes married with a family and tried getting in your pants?!,happiness
Try the Gourds passed gin and juice. Theyre awesome also the [NAME] are great.,happiness
You should braid your pubic hair just to really piss him off.,anger
"We're are going on a trip, in our favorite rocket ship.",happiness
"I waited 15 days for this joke, I'm so proud of this community.",happiness
That's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else.,disgust
"Already downloading, as long as there is 1 or 2 fun heroes it will be worth it.",happiness
"It's been 2 hours since OP posted the comment, hope OP alright.",happiness
At least you can admit you missed it.,happiness
I cackled!!!!,happiness
This shirt IS a problem. Get rid of it.,sadness
Quit being racist. They're just being racists.,disgust
But that rookie year was sick. Such a Slash fan when I was young.,sadness
Damn sorry to hear bro. You guys still friends though?,sadness
"Says you, too bad you're totally wrong.",anger
"Thank you, kind Internet stranger.",happiness
"Ah ok, will do, and thanks!",happiness
> go build something. BCH devs are already building and improving a decentralized network! You should start doing the same!,surprise
"While Girl Scout Cookies and weed are old friends, I am unfortunately not in contact with a dealer of the latter!",happiness
What rights do men have that women don't in the west? Damn.,anger
You need to clasp your hands on top of a book to get rid of depression? Thanks grandma.,sadness
We'd never lose again with him giving the crazy eyes to anybody who makes a mistake.,happiness
Happy Cake Day! :).,happiness
[NAME] out? I thought hes been playing pretty well. Wonder why...,surprise
"Just out of interest, what mm rank are you?",happiness
"Amendments are allowed on monday to mays deal, i'd be amazed if no one kills her deal.",happiness
I would have tactically thrown dynamite and blown my self up about 2 seconds in.,surprise
Ken he's  but a point worth considering. Seems so much more photos now then ever was.,happiness
Wrong. You tried to use a WW2 example and it backfired on you.,sadness
You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.,happiness
They literally dont have enough time on the planet to regret their actions.,anger
"That's hot ... *Notices tags* ""Fooled again w""",happiness
You are not wrong. I have learned about myself alot while on drugs. Sometimes it's scarry when i find out how limited my mind is.,surprise
Credentials are just the type of the iceberg. I know people who got married lying about their marital status and sexual orientation.,anger
"I think that happens equally with people that are or aren't interested, it's like a reflex to move on.",happiness
So painful to watch ugh im excited for trade szn.,happiness
I read a news piece 10-15 years ago about how much garbage China dumps at sea. The numbers were staggering back then.,disgust
Ty going through a lot right now and this made me smile.,happiness
The only way I can make people laugh.,happiness
In your next post you will lament the evil of poverty socialism is a mental disorder.,sadness
The problem is that people cannot differentiate between a necessary and a sufficient condition.,anger
This guy likes his town - except for the pig blood processing.,happiness
"Self defense should be, and this man sexually assaulted this woman.",anger
"Yup. Gotta get back in there  Meant to type habit, obvs.",happiness
This bit was more fun than it should have been.,happiness
"Being a nice, interesting person has helped me get a lot of friends but hasn't really gotten me anywhere with regards to women. ",happiness
Vancouver is even more ridiculous.,disgust
"Right, that makes sense! I wonder if the person I met in real life would acknowledge he's more of a fence sitter than childfree, haha.",happiness
"If you drop your toy gun and someone picks it up and points it at you, you're not going to be threatened by it.",happiness
I agrew. I have also had these many times and they always have a lot of ice cream.,happiness
Always go for someone you like and feel connected to.,happiness
I feel like that might be every 2 years instead of every year.,happiness
"The best answer is simply dont do it. Having said that, good luck my friend. ",happiness
Im really glad to read that ex-spouses are friends after. Good for you all!,happiness
Thats when we realized straights dress like randomized sims.,surprise
Even in the offseason we cant escape the injury bug :/.,sadness
"I'm not surprised at all considering, you know, buzzfeed ",happiness
Best part about this is that the cowboys will re-sign [NAME] and hopefully [NAME] too.,happiness
All is well! Think I got one sorted out with one of her family members. Thanks for your help!,happiness
"I almost feel sorry for the poor fellow because, to me, the fingers still look abnormally stubby.",sadness
Oh. Great.,happiness
At least my suffering is over.,happiness
Seek out a therapist? It sounds quite depressing n I wouldn't want it overwheming me.,sadness
Are you actuslly a libertarian? This is some insane thedonald level shit. Is this still a libertarian board? Have I been duped?,surprise
"Stay away from her kids, [NAME]!",anger
"Man, [NAME]. What a shame that trainwreck turned out to be. ",sadness
Your heart stopping is technically a natural cause.,happiness
[NAME] was damn near 293 hoopin? Im dyin.,happiness
Gone Girl 2 looks like it's gonna be great.,happiness
"Ah, thanks!",happiness
"If people were downvoting due to the perceived insensitivity of it, then I guess I understand. ",happiness
Haha oops **amiodarone. This is why we need safety checks for drug orders. ;).,surprise
"Thank you, needed to hear this today! ",happiness
The realization is pretty grim. Can't say I'm terribly happy.,happiness
If there is no goal on this powerplay it will be difficult not to be hopeless.,anger
Guess you dont regard consent very much. We oughtta keep an eye on you.,happiness
I would love to see some encouragement and smiles on the sideline instead of yelling and whining.,happiness
"That's what I said! I'm like ""I wonder how he kept that much of the profits?!""",happiness
I love when kids get cocky and then fall / get injured. That first kid's smile and face plant is just the best.,happiness
Yes. He was. Fuck off with your bullshit double standards.,anger
"Yeah I don't have this issue because of this, seems it's more developed for HDR ",surprise
"You can't damage anything other than on foot players right now, no turrets, no vehicles, no objectives, it has been bugged since the december update.",happiness
[NAME] gonna miss the game tonight because Ill be traveling to Phoenix. Give me another blowout win like the ones last week.,sadness
"[NAME] for sure!.. just make sure you DO NOT get a new addidas one, get an old authentic one from the time frame he played.",disgust
"At first your post reads like some anti-vax, flat earth rant containing too many capitalised words... until you realise it's all true.",surprise
"I personally am very proud to be a vegetable. Corn, to be exact. Corn pride y'all.",happiness
I have a headache from watching that.,fear
Is solid proof.,happiness
"Ahh damn, keep in mind that the pillars move in the direction of the side youre on, its lowkey finnicky.",sadness
"I have a Secrets engagement ring, I love it, cost 1/10th of a real diamond and no one can tell. Would highly recommend!",happiness
There are racist morons everywhere.,anger
I read your story earlier today. Hun I'm here for you too. Pm me if you need.,happiness
"Idk why you got downvotes. These officers, furry and not so, protect and serve and save so many loves. Have my upvote sir/ miss.",anger
Have you ever tried to give her lessons in cooking? It could be fun and a bonding for you both.,happiness
"Of all of the fan-favorites from each city, [NAME] being the fan-favorite confuses and annoys me most. Her headlines are becoming insufferable.",anger
Ok I woke up and finished my French brther. Pls give me the fact.,surprise
I guess it's the word 'high'.,happiness
"I thought it described me perfectly well, almost scary accurate so I personally believe in it. At least for INTP.",happiness
My new favourite bromance.,happiness
"Yeah, the gauntlet ruins everything.",sadness
[NAME] is not a guy I root against. Just hope we have a good enjoyable game.,happiness
I don't think either of them took that bump outside any worse than the other. That was jarring.,happiness
I am in hysterics. How are these people so serious?,surprise
"Oh look, this entire account was made to link to a store that sells this mug.",happiness
"Their mere presence is all it takes, but being outgoing, gregarious or charming is icing on the cake.",happiness
"I completely agree, and I love Space Jame. But Back in Action was just amazing and incredibly satirical and witty.",happiness
"Ugh. ""I've found my forgiveness in [NAME]."" Burn in hell.",surprise
I mean most players get that.,happiness
Thank you for the good chuckle.,happiness
No worries. Have a nice day.,happiness
I automatically love anyone who votes for best underrated boy [NAME].,happiness
"[NAME] fucking [NAME], that man is enormous.",happiness
Im still sorry you had to go through that. Im sorry anybody has to experience fear on a daily basis.,sadness
"Dude! Coyotes are no joke. Good job, [NAME]. ",happiness
Human trafficking is bad.,sadness
I amlooking to adopt from there! This makes me happy!,happiness
"Nice try, but the only person this sub dislikes more than [NAME] is the [NAME].",happiness
[NAME] looks hot in her 70s outfit.,happiness
"Glad to hear its open again, great spot. I still class climbing Coonowrin as the stupidest thing Ive ever done.",happiness
Is this something from [NAME]?,happiness
Glad you had fun! Your gf sounds like a keeper!,happiness
Tell her to stop eating shit and start using mouthwash.,anger
Imagining doing something this drastic all alone is just... I can't fathom the anxiety. Man.,surprise
This kid is really good.,happiness
AV is a system where if you vote for a loser you can change your mind and 'have another go'. That's the problem.,anger
Kids can't have fun anymore...:(.,sadness
I love the '1000 paw slap' at the end.,happiness
Yeah I've noticed that. I probably give off Aspie traits to NTs but Aspie like traits bug me.,anger
Noticed the same thing. Wonder if it's also like that on the redesign. My hunch is on 'no'.,surprise
"Given that the murder rate is primarily caused by the so-called ""war on drugs"", I don't see how gun laws would affect it at all. ",disgust
I'm phobic of needles and babies so that was NOT a picture I wanted to see.,sadness
Did you guys use condoms before? Or was it just the mental hurdle of knowing you weren't taking any birth control?,happiness
"To all of you who never had to take the SATs, consider yourselves lucky.",happiness
"Wow, the cropping on this shitpost is as bad as it gets.",disgust
Yours is the only defensive comment I see. Grow up.,anger
"Do they have rankings beyond the top 9? It'd be great to see what type of talent would be available in rounds 3, 4 etc.",happiness
Well damn.,anger
This is actually funny.,happiness
I wonder if this will ever appear on BotW. Since it's so straightforward there probably isn't much to talk about.,surprise
Teams got some fire tonight. I like it.,happiness
This obviously led to your slow downward spiral into apostasy. The spirit never returned after skymall destroyed your testimony. ,anger
That was an awful open shot....,disgust
"I would have to agree. He acts for himself and wants revenge but also cares for and respects life so, chaotic neutral.",happiness
It's not like an NFL coach would trip a player on the field if they had the opportunity......oh wait.,surprise
I dont even like [NAME] that much but she completely failed to engage with his work critically. Her interpretations of his arguments were shockingly poor.,sadness
Our volume of immigration does not mean it is easy to get in. The bar is very high and there are many applicants.,disgust
This whole sub makes me sad.,sadness
Fuck [NAME] for blocking funding for this for years and years. So glad it's being used to help people now.,anger
I like it that way :) My point is that youre an attention seeker like [NAME].,happiness
My aunt lost a ton of weight by eating a huge bowl of lettuce with a very light dressing and tasty veggies.,happiness
"Agreed, especially considering so many pets that were once given as a gift are abandoned later anyway.",happiness
GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK.,sadness
"OMG, crying laughing right now. Hubs and I both. What a visual!",happiness
How to accidentally run over your dog in one easy step.,happiness
Wow! Dude has aged well. Maybe I need some of that snek oil!,happiness
Ehhh but as a survivor I hate noed and hex ruin why would I run them against someone else.,surprise
Hehe cheeky little guy.,happiness
ALFBRUSHJANSBYSY SUCH A GOOD DOGGO.,happiness
"Like [NAME] Dad who was replaced after only 1 appearance, [NAME].",happiness
I HATE that song...I did not vote for it. A few of my songs I liked went at around 60-70.,anger
"Sorry for the delay. Nanaimo's a union/mill town, so no surprise the NDP won.",surprise
The emojis in the background. Wtf lmao.,happiness
"This is the reason why I don't have friends. Not even skinny ones, you never know how they will be in the furure.",happiness
"If this is actually how it goes, I wont feel so bad going from 5 to 8 in week 17.",happiness
Thanks for the laugh ,happiness
Kind of like how menat enraged the average player.,anger
"I don't live there anymore, but I grew up in the midwest, and the ""ope"" triggered me a little bit.",sadness
"Isnt that halloween or like easter, man people are weird.",sadness
"How has the season not even started, and Plastique already is my fav.",happiness
But this isnt about a comic book movie. It's a cartoon. Also this is a right wing website...so how does this not count?,happiness
I dont own a gun. I just dont like your attitude. You read like a drugged out washed up leach.,disgust
"Yeah dude I like the brown sugar ones a lot, whats the problem?",happiness
"Blizzard was working with Activision long before Hots. I'm afraid its too late now, to divorce.",sadness
"Wife just had our baby, and this story freaked me out. I can't imagine going through something like that.",happiness
"I try and test my beliefs all the time, makes them stronger!",happiness
Uhh dont you mean [NAME] and [NAME]? They were so sweet together! /s.,surprise
"Thanks, youre right. I should delete the app. ",happiness
OH MY [NAME].,happiness
You can't expect him to like food.,disgust
"Play stupid games, win stupid prizes... looks like she braced before impact. Probably gets this shit all the time. ",anger
Could you imagine? That would be so terrible for viewers. ,fear
ORANGE MAN BAD GOLD TO THE LEFT.,sadness
I'm sure he'd love to do that. Just have to get a few others on board first haha.,happiness
Aw crap... Parents are my age now? Edit: What am I doing with my life?,sadness
"""Can I speak to the Suns' manager?""",happiness
There's less chance [NAME] will elect a moron dumber than he is.,happiness
Lmfao i don't know why this is so funny.,happiness
Redskins were the best team in the NFC East until [NAME] leg snapped in half.,happiness
Cant believe people still fall victims to those machines.,anger
Sounds like you're in a good place. I'm happy for you. For me... Right now I don't care how my STBXH is doing. Hahaha.,happiness
Like this game from a week ago? 26 points 14.,happiness
This looks so 2010s cgi.,happiness
Fuck.,anger
Oh man that hurt to watch.,sadness
Thank you very much. I would certainly make a note of your name.,happiness
Huh? Mutts are usually healthier than pure-breds. It's the pure-bred dogs that have weird genetic issues.,happiness
Brew bus in the Tampa area?,happiness
And they lived happily ever after.,happiness
They won VEGAS not the PRO LEAGUE QUALIFIER. Stop trying to bait me.,anger
At least they have picked up some good humanist notions along the way.,happiness
Ah. So cardboard. Haha.,happiness
Ain't that the truth. It has turned into one old big propaganda/commercial machine.,happiness
"Look at [NAME] and you should be good, he has a career like 58% GB rate ",happiness
"And yet [NAME] can't even get a pub gig, homeboy was born the wrong colour.",disgust
Yea no shit wtf.,anger
Because it was smh lol.,happiness
Yeah I realised that a bit too late. I still wanted to further explain myself regardless but thank you for being nice about it.,happiness
This is literally the *only* thing I know about warhammer orks and I feel kind of bad about that. It's the coolest concept: faith-based technology.,happiness
"Your dog provided you undeniable evidence of type of person that you are, and you should be proud of that.",happiness
No. I am good with it.,happiness
For some reason I'm reminded of this.,surprise
I came here to laugh at memes. Not feel feels.,anger
"Just like you can't underestimate the capacity for evil, you can't underestimate the capacity for stupidity ",anger
I guess they still have hopes to keep AD...,happiness
People really spend more than $10 in an app game? I mean an actual video game I can understand but that's just...sad.,surprise
"Glad to hear this gets easier. I want to visit Hawaii, but I've held off to avoid those feelings. Same with Portland sadly. :(.",happiness
Having a serious relationship is too hard for other people.,disgust
"Yeah, so many accidents occur because people dont know what to do in the event of loss of tire grip.",fear
Why? I would rather the players get the money than the owners.,surprise
Wow...is that true? Id love to see more on that. Can you provide any links or documents on that?,happiness
More admired than [NAME] [NAME] is admired by starbucks baristas. Unemployed kids. And cat ladies.,happiness
I miss the bch/bsv war...the quality of posts were getting better....back to square 1.,happiness
Heyyy bear hug!,happiness
"My [NAME], I totally forgot about that! I really really hope he married [NAME]... They would be an amazing married couple! ",happiness
"Relove. No, its all fair pricing, the collection is enormous.",happiness
"The concept, design and artwork are gorgeous. I would love to buy this skin if it was available in game. ",happiness
"If you can get out to Banff, I highly recommend Nourish Bistro. Incredible vegetarian/vegan food... even meat eaters like myself love it!",happiness
Lmao Stole my joke! ,happiness
"Don't worry, no one agrees with [NAME]! I bet you're doing an amazing job.",happiness
Im so glad I grew up killing infants at hospitals instead of being on my nokia.,happiness
Oh my [NAME] I just noticed this too! I just rewatched it recently and noticed him just drinking some tea next to [NAME] and [NAME].,surprise
Hmm.. I means what's the point.. there's not gonna be much difference since both of em aren't doing good.,anger
When only rich people got elected and passed laws...,anger
I'm glad :).,happiness
Seriously!? Wouldn't a guy do the same thing if a girl didn't even attempt to get him off?,happiness
[NAME] became president and yet you think [NAME] becoming president is farfetched? Lol.,happiness
Perfect place to get flame grilled by the church then. Bring it on!,happiness
So there's hope for the rest of us! Thanks for sharing. What helped you get to where you are?,happiness
Whaaat! They are not actually trained to do this lol.,surprise
"I think he had other, more important things on his mind at that moment.",surprise
Knife Fight used to be an awesome cooking comp show.,happiness
What the hell. Poor [NAME]. Poor you. Wow.,surprise
Looks like he's tired of your dad-jokes. Lol.,happiness
Since she ate other food I would guess it is a way of getting around a digestive disorder or carbs.,happiness
Reminds me of series finally [NAME]. Serious and dashing.,happiness
"This is profoundly unsettling to me for some reason. Thanks, I hate it ",anger
I dont think it was a freestyle? So not really comparable?,happiness
"I meant we as in the group, sorry if that was unclear.",disgust
I wonder if losing their majority in the 2019 locals would shift the Unionist parties position?,happiness
"Thanks for answering instead of ""but hillary"".",happiness
Hi !! I totally get you. If you want to be friends Im here !! :).,happiness
I have no shame to say I know the dances and most of the live shows. SHE IS MY QUEEN.,happiness
So sorry for your loss! I lost my cat 6 years ago in 2021 due to terminal autism. ,happiness
Amazing. It looks like a penis and a vagina at the same time.,happiness
"I agree, I love acdc, I just don't love the comments on their songs cause so many of them are dumb lmao.",happiness
"LOL yes, this guy might not be too bright. ",happiness
"[NAME] - same fucking problem, slightly better command of the English language.",anger
"Just spend the next few months emotionally detatching, it makes the break up less debilitating.",sadness
If people don't act the way I want it is because they have bad reasons. Lol.,happiness
"No, it's hard to come by!",disgust
"I have many a screenshot of blatantly false posts that my older, conservative, religious relatives share on Facebook ",surprise
Really liked your law and dragon ones man. Good stuff.,happiness
Why tarnish The Office this way?,anger
Hmmm interesting... i guess your an interesting lady. PM me then. :).,surprise
Sorry I dropped mine can I have another?,surprise
Up shut fuck the.,anger
"[NAME] gets his attitude from his mother. The ""I'm so thoughtful and empathetic"" crap but won't do anything for anyone in distress.",anger
Every right requires someone else's labor. The whole - / + rights thing is a stupid argument.,disgust
Good viral marketing attempt [NAME]!,happiness
Oh sh*t guys I got banned.,sadness
Apparently LucasFilm didn't want the optics of it to look like they were overshadowing MLK tributes. Delayed a week for precaution.,disgust
"Honestly Quadriga has been pretty decent, can't fault them for the bank struggle, that's just how the Canadian banks have been towards this space. ",happiness
" cute, new driver still cares. Come back in 4 months and u will be showing pictures of that bag thrown on the trunk. ",happiness
I love it lol!,happiness
"I think he can be much, much better than [NAME]. No doubt. His length, good defense. We are talking about [NAME], right?",happiness
Your just killing time now.,surprise
Please don't think the way they're trolling represents us [NAME]. I'm sorry this happened.,sadness
"It may have been funny in 2010, but now it's completely unorginal and boring. ",disgust
"Man if you want some crazy dreams, slap on a few nicotine patches before bed.",happiness
This cant be considered cruelty free because now someones hair style is gonna suffer.,happiness
"This is something kids do on their twitch streams to get subs, pretty sad.",disgust
The absolute subhuman filth that worships [NAME] will believe that this isn't even a photoshop.,happiness
"Thanks for explaining. So [NAME] *did* pay for her ""show"" ? ",happiness
"Its one thing to LOSE a debate, its another to be disqualified for wrong think. ",anger
"[NAME] aside, humans arent on the menu, no matter how retarded they may be, no matter if they're sleeping/unconscious.",disgust
The worst part is the character in the image behind it is great and this just hurts to read in his voice.,sadness
"Oh no! I'll check into it; there are transcripts available, but it isn't really the same thing, is it? ",surprise
*wall breaks* OH YEAH!!,happiness
Our [NAME] is going off bro. [NAME] is gonna out-Jack you off.,sadness
"No matter what, he won't have to decide until April. Until a GM calls him.",anger
Ah what a bummer! Better kill them herons & spoonbills!,surprise
But what about terminal pulp space infections that can lead to osteomyelitis of terminal phalanx? The reasoning I read was thrombosis of end artery.,happiness
Lets just start with the reason of why you left [RELIGION].,happiness
A 19 year old talking to a 17 old is not that crazy it happens pretty often.,surprise
Not sure if you're joking. Not sure if I disagree. But since the point of high school is daytime teenager containment google would not accomplish that.,disgust
Leave they don't deserve you and you don't need those sacks of shit.,anger
I had this one! he was a precious little angel and I loved him.,happiness
You have nothing to feel bad about. It sounds like he needs to grow up and start paying his way.,anger
I would file anyway and see if your claim will be accepted. file in arizona. good luck!,happiness
I skimmed poorly and thought it said 4 people (independently) discovered their data was accessed.,surprise
"You know what they say, when everyone around you is and asshole, maybe it's you who is the asshole.",anger
Sometimes all you need is to know someone else has been there and believes you can do it too. You got this. Keep it up!,happiness
And some of us wish to die first so we don't have to deal with the loneliness.,anger
What reason do you have for not already having been prepared?,anger
Cause hes black and black people don't care about white guilt philosophies. Also [RELIGION] isn't a race idiot.,surprise
I hate it when mom and dad fight.,sadness
You've been promoted to branch-manager!,surprise
"No way. [NAME] was annoying. Arizona left a huge gap in the cast, she was great ",happiness
Damn. I didn't realize they just aren't getting paid right now.,sadness
"Vegan gamers, rise up!!!!!!!!",happiness
This is terrifying.,fear
This article gives the details.,happiness
"Hey, that's ok.",happiness
I like His And Hers Poker Podcast.,happiness
"Cured her depression, didn't it? ",happiness
This is actually interesting..thanks.,happiness
It's clear you dont know what you're talking about.,surprise
Breaking News: Man Write Op-Ed About Whats Bad For Women.,sadness
"Sometimes though, I wish I could be sad for a whole week; that would be a blessing. ",happiness
"I will let my nonexistent child die, thats all right with me!",sadness
We still have them 150 b you cuck. Why are you so fucking stupid.,sadness
"Yeah just like the Spider-sense, Preflexes can be tricked or only blares up at specific situational times. Bit inconsistent, those two.",happiness
"Crap, crap, mega crap!",anger
The fact that this being brought up makes it a real scary feeling.,fear
Ya know... a helmet never hurt anyone.,happiness
Cheers for that!,happiness
"You know, youre right, she didnt take the opportunity as seriously as she should have it seems.",happiness
Sorry about your poor trolling. 3/10.,sadness
"I hate to say it, but it's never once failed me, I've never been asked to show it.",anger
What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.,anger
HELL YES !! [NAME] where you at.,happiness
Wait what planet was this on? I dont remember ever going there.,surprise
"If youre in public, I suggest you hide your concern as much as you can.",happiness
You have great points. !delta.,happiness
"Snorting them might be what kept her from having a lethal overdose, snorting benzos is pretty much a waste as most of it barely absorbs.",fear
I feel like I have to call bs on this one. I hope lol.,happiness
Thanks... Some days are harder than others.,sadness
[NAME] seems to be really honest in the meaning of lore. She supports [NAME] from the very beginning.,happiness
And...?,happiness
[NAME] I LOVE YOU.,happiness
Awesome footage. The one child signing to look into his eyes looks as though he is jaundiced. His eyes are quite green yellow colour.,happiness
Cool story bro.,happiness
"Ok, fair enough... This one works.",happiness
>I clearly have no fuck I clue what I'm doing hire someone.,anger
It seems you've never played HotS.,disgust
[NAME] keeps getting set to get a rebound [NAME].,disgust
"Pffft right, next you'll tell me America isn't a representative democracy, or that England isn't a monarchy! Don't be a fool! ",anger
You're right. Sorry for the poor reply.,sadness
Ironically every /pol/ meetup is more diverse than the people pushing diversity and race mixing. Weird how that works huh.,disgust
Sitting at home drunk waiting for my tech to charge so I can sit out back and listen to music lol.,happiness
I'm surprised [NAME] let her post that.,surprise
I miss [NAME].,sadness
You shut your stupid mouth troll. Thy absolutely matter.,anger
Then it was effectively them pissing on your territory. Same with the bed. They dont get to pass the threshold again!,anger
I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy.,happiness
"""YOU BUNCHA BASTARDS"" is one of my favorite quotes hahaha.",happiness
The power dynamics argument is one of the most ridiculous arguments ever - unless its someone who has a *direct* influence on your life or outcomes.,disgust
"Eh, sorry, found it, not my ex, thank goodness! Apologies!!",happiness
What?! And youre not a vegetable?! /s.,surprise
Umm did you see the guy? Serious question. He looks like he gets into fights at the bar.,anger
"Jitter mod SG12 has been a thing for awhile now, it's a wonder you're just now seeing it. ",surprise
She would betray her friends for chicken nuggets.,anger
I don't envy people who earned what they have. I respect them. I'm jealous of people who are born or marry into money.,happiness
Monster hunter world is making me desperately want to stay up all night and play it. But I can't make it past 11pm anymore ,happiness
I enjoyed the 1:50 seconds of this person going about their day uneventfully.,happiness
"I love Chinese buffets. All the ones in my town are gone, all buffets are gone, sucks ",sadness
I didnt say anything. Just sharing this beauty.,happiness
I've found [NAME] are more weirdly religious about their hockey for some reason. Maybe it's confirmation bias.,surprise
Is that you [NAME]?,happiness
"Damn, Id love to own a stg-44...",happiness
I know right! Lego really hurts!,sadness
"I understand that there are exceptions but saying a knife is as dangerous as, or more dangerous than a gun is a little ridiculous.",anger
I miss the [NAME] and [NAME] love story.,sadness
"...be careful, guys.",happiness
What a game... completely down and out at half time and then... [NAME] and total annhilation of the scousers.,happiness
MORE OF THAT PLEASE NORMAN!!!,happiness
I guess [NAME] are especially good at making heaven sound boring . I'm also an [NAME].,happiness
He has been ghosting me whenever I text or call him. I know he has been getting them though. As they are always left on read.,surprise
EWWW yes. This makes me shudder. All wet and gross.,fear
Yeah my girlfriend hates it when I joke about her weight. She needs to lighten up too.,happiness
"Omg, I'm so sorry. I'm sending you love. That's horrible. :/ Are you doing okay?",sadness
Ive been asked this in a similar situation as well. Interviewer was female and i would bet it was female in OP's case too.,surprise
Thanks for the info! Great pic. Ive saved it.,happiness
Thanks dude. Shit happens!,happiness
Quick... there's a boot somewhere that you haven't licked today yet!,disgust
I'll be waiting for your post about having a crush on a straight guy tomorrow.,happiness
"Arguably they do, otherwise they wouldn't be out protesting for support?",anger
A life well spent....,happiness
This is why I love reddit.,happiness
"Welcome to racial integration, where your civility standards are racist and you better shut up or else.",happiness
Thank you I love you.,happiness
Thats awful and Im sorry for your friend. I whole heartedly agree. Its getting out of hand.,fear
Thanks for the insight.,happiness
It was my impression that Monzo doesn't offer business bank accounts?,surprise
How about this lady with her barn owl on her shoulder? u/lola_birds are you sure about that?,surprise
Its happened before?! love my hometown of beautiful new ken ,happiness
It's basically summer here right now. these posts are clueless.,happiness
Thank's for the notice.,happiness
Ooh! Ooh! I want to lose more than 5-10 vanity pounds! (...wink wink).,surprise
Haha I actually didn't know about its existence! I honestly wonder how much of that map I've actually seen though. So many hours. Lol.,happiness
I prefer console and most of my friends play cod. I still enjoy gbs every year.,happiness
You smile warmly at people.,happiness
I'm high RN and can't understand this.,surprise
"Good to know, and it gladdens my heart to hear you're all right! <3 ",happiness
Sad if step kids are nice children I am sorry they are in this dynamic.,sadness
Im currently putting a investigative task force together and I believe that I could be done assembling that team in as early as 400 years!,surprise
Ok then youre leaving the enmey widow uncontested to kill your team. Genius.,anger
"Awesome! Im a cradle [RELIGION], so really interesting to hear your experience. Thanks for sharing.",happiness
OMG kids are dying from polio??,sadness
I put [NAME] on over the holidays...my family hated it. Freaking love his stand up though and he's pretty widely liked. My family is weird.,happiness
Screaming outrage you say? Project much?,happiness
That sounds so awesome. Thanks for talking about it.,happiness
CNN has video of the arrest. Someone needs to put the cops theme over it.,happiness
* I'm here without you baby But you're still on my lonely mind. I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time. *.,happiness
You have social anxiety go see a doctor.,happiness
Thats a lot of chonkers!,surprise
"Ferrets are such good ESA's though! Good for you at least, I love ferrets with all of my heart.",happiness
"If so, then LN payments are *not* safer than unconfirmed TXs.",disgust
"Thank you, man.",happiness
I REALLY MISS GRIFFIN REINHART.,sadness
Stop believing everything youre told.,disgust
Im on mobile and I can see them. Omg it makes me so happy  never noticed if before either. iPhone btw.,happiness
This doesn't belong on the competitive sub; it doesn't have anything to do with the competitive aspect of the game.,happiness
Some of my best rolls were with 50mg. Less is more!,happiness
"Its like you are flexing that you have gf ,when most of people here doesnt have that feeling.",disgust
I'm kinda afraid to ask but did anyone reply?,sadness
This is why nobody takes feminism seriously!,surprise
Stop the algorithm  Like shes living in the matrix or something!,happiness
Feel you pain. Stay strong.,happiness
"I wish my phone was that accurate. It warns me I'm at 14%, then 10 minutes later it drops to 0% and shuts off.",happiness
Haha good to know in case I decide to go back to church. Some of those seats in that temple are so damn uncomfortable.,happiness
They look damn good for being in their late 40's/early 50's.,happiness
I actually had to rewind a few times because I found myself getting distracted because I was kind of bored.,disgust
Heres a little update lol so far Ive had 3 matches today and all of them were cam models lmfao.,happiness
"[NAME] has had this problem forever. Hopefully she fixes it, because it gets old and is a relationship killer ",happiness
"Thank you. I will try to learn fron these. So far i only have read ""models"" and some advices on net.",happiness
"Oh, I thought it was about the audio glitch at the end, lol Now I see ",happiness
"Your body, your choice. Sorry it had to mean the end of the relationship. But it's better now rather than later as tensions grow. ",sadness
Thanks for catching that. Fixed.,happiness
That's how you think hes trying to input something. Glad it was my way home.,happiness
Yeaaahhh... *blushes*.,happiness
"I think its funny, especially those eyes! Lol.",happiness
I've read an optimum of 3 years between live births and to wait 12 months if there is a miscarriage before trying again.,surprise
Please elaborate on that story! Ive always been afraid of exactly this happening to me.,happiness
"Amazing, all three of those consoles are from different generations.",happiness
Thats cool to hear ... [NAME] really is laughable in this regard.,happiness
"I'm loving the blocked shots from rust, what a stud ",happiness
All the best to you in 2019! I hope whatever lies next for you is rewarding. :).,happiness
Oh yeah? Come back when you drop your stew on the floor before eating any.,happiness
His videos are great.,happiness
"Thats abuse and manipulation. She trained you well. Ive lived it, brother. ",disgust
"Love this guy, love this team.",happiness
"First of all, sorry for your loss. Keep in mind that funerals are for the people still alive not the person who has just died.",anger
I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD.,anger
"Yes ='(, what a shame, [NAME].",anger
Don't you get it? It's freedom to kill children now...,anger
"I dont get it, are the councillors in Ottawa known for being boorish, uneducated and unilingual?",surprise
Still can't see. Thanks.,disgust
Im here for a final set match TB like this match deserves!,happiness
I'm glad that this is a normal assumption to make... incels are my answer to too many things.,happiness
Very interesting!!!,happiness
"As a once very sick kid, I thank all you pediatric RN's out there for what you do and your compassion while doing it. ",happiness
It's the top comment. How weird.,disgust
I switched to Ally and love it. 2.2% interest is awesome.,happiness
Don't stress it. Good Luck!,happiness
"Competent, maybe, but erratic, unpredictable, and somewhat homicidal. ",fear
Bringing the country down with the government.,sadness
Nothing like a little bit of whataboutism. We can think they're *both* idiots.,anger
I am hopeful that it will win the Oscar for best animated picture and renewed interest will lead to more 3D screenings.,happiness
The attempt was successful. He's crying and not talking to them because they're actually dead.,sadness
I f a picture and not realizing it until it bursts. [NAME].,surprise
My first thought was ahh who was the RuPaul contestant with the insane legs? [NAME]!! Legs for dayssssss!! Thanks for saving my brain!,surprise
Woah so [NAME] was finally unhappy with the team? I sense a lineup shuffle coming.,happiness
[NAME] is fucking destroying Bama and I LOVE IT.,happiness
" Whoa, my little brother had that toy! Awesome.",happiness
The level of envyness far too much.,disgust
"I love you. I had no idea before now, but I love you.",happiness
"Appreciate the update, hope this one is the right one though ! ",happiness
I love my Arabian but I have found the golden turkmen to be my more go to horse.,happiness
Oh no [NAME] wud is u doing.,disgust
I wish the federal government would step in to take care of people. Its overwhelming to care for them on a city or even state level.,happiness
No irony. Liberals are brainwashed.,anger
His Batman/TMNT book is a really fun read with great art.,happiness
"Wow, /r/noisygifs for real. First time I genuinely felt I could hear it.",happiness
Sounds like a good deal to me. Where do I sign?,happiness
I cant stop seeing SS VS BM.,happiness
It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility.,surprise
"Omg, the kitty bites the knee and then looks at the human to gauge reaction.",surprise
I'm sad can someone make me feel better Feel like shit rn just want [NAME] back.,happiness
Same. OP go hug your mom and tell her she matters to you and your brother. Support and love would be your best bet.,happiness
I think theyre gonna keep her a surprise.,surprise
"I'm going to look so handsome for you, [NAME].",happiness
I like this post a lot.,happiness
"There is no *inherent* meaning, but this does not necessarily render it meaningless. Only you can decide whether your life has meaning or not.",happiness
Nice work man.,happiness
Hey I hope you know youre still important and loved even if you may not feel like it at times. Youll be okay!,happiness
CL...lets just hope we can stay in EL for the time being.,happiness
You'd think we don't have anymore tears already... It's been 62 years of crying.,sadness
I cant believe thats real.,surprise
"That's how powell should play. now, let's will wes' post-ups out of existence.",happiness
"Errr, nah she'll be dead in both without compesations. less than 40% winrate.",disgust
Im happy for you two. Cheers!,happiness
Thanks for the good news!,happiness
I don't think playing with her hair would work. Thats just creepy.,anger
[NAME] looked terrible that game. I was really hoping to be wrong but he came just as advertised by Hawks fans.,fear
I'm legit posting this everywhere. It's hilarious. I've given you many chances.,happiness
So kids never go into a locker room and see adults nude?? i cant believe everyone is condemning this. this is nothing.,surprise
"The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.",fear
"There are other petty crimes that can be more heavily prosecuted, like unpaid child support. ",anger
"I dont *think* shes awful, I know shes awful. She has literally no redeeming qualities. ",happiness
Upvoted because she follows [NAME].,happiness
I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.,fear
"I never thought it was at the same moment, but sometimes after [NAME] sacrifice... sounds logical.",surprise
Hooray!! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1!,happiness
Lol. Mod conspiracy theories. Yes they want to destroy the sub. That is their goal.,happiness
Itll last until we win our 4th straight NBA Finals game.,surprise
Theyre all so damn gorgeous. No complaints here lol.,happiness
Ok so this doesn't seem like a cover given they made a whole comp for him.,anger
Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.,happiness
"The finest example of an egotistical, ignorant and racist piece of trash. Humans like this disgust me.",happiness
It's not a murder or a cringe. Just seems like two friends joking around.,happiness
> What keeps hurting her though? They are getting absolutely crushed by the crowd probably. There's always jackasses trying to push forward.,anger
Wow wow wow hold my beer!,happiness
That was amazing!,happiness
The highest rate of eating disorder in men is binge eating disorder... I fail to see how a pressure to l ok good causes binge eating disorder.,sadness
I love me some buff girls!,happiness
Use it to your advantage. You will figure out a way. Just get your self esteem up real quick.,happiness
Can't clear anyone of something that never happen or that they never did.,surprise
> it's entirely likely that he isn't actually aware of what the current thinking on brexit is in British Labour. Who is?,surprise
Dont try to force her out of it. She will (probably) turn on you before she turns on him.,happiness
"Oh, lol, no, I was asserting that you are being racist and have prejudices. That was a funny one, lol.",happiness
"I love this, my wife told me about something she read on reddit yesterday and I was like.... well just like ol [NAME] here!!!",happiness
Every Saturday for the foreseeable future will be spent studying for the LSAT. Fuck.,sadness
Saying cancer isnt bad precluded you from being a rational human being.,surprise
"Also here's my starting point on the right, obviously, for my bulk.",happiness
I needed this in my life.,happiness
"I'm 14 stone...so probably about 2 stone over weight. I don't drink alcohol or do drugs, but I love food.... ",happiness
"Out of curiosity, what's wrong with the tribal casinos? I've been many in Southern California that were great, are the ones on Washington bad?",happiness
Good always love him.,happiness
Thanks! I had a more standard name but then realized I didn't want to be findable on Reddit.,happiness
I'm surprised he didn't say it was *almost* an inside job.,surprise
Threatening to drive your sisters into the ocean is illegal. It's called making a terroristic threat or menacing and can cause her to lose access to your sisters.,disgust
"Women always seem to write that though, plus emotipns and emojis. When a man writes likr that it comes off odd ajd feminine in a bad way.",sadness
"Ikr... its a sin in itself to use [NAME] to instil fear and hate, [NAME] is love not hate and he loves all of us.",happiness
Good thing you did not live near a Guatemalan insane asylum.,happiness
"I get my tax money back every year, no complaints. Plus the college and other skills i got were worth it.",happiness
I have the same issue with a new co-worker and it drives me insane.,anger
>cat beby the fuck is wrong with you.,anger
Demented feminist ad Literally is just ad saying dont be a scumbag k.,happiness
You too thirsty.,surprise
"They might still be a minority but you can't argue with the fact that they have been on the rise, ",happiness
It's not your fault....,happiness
People working in hospitals are seriously under appreciated.,happiness
"It looks like those ""true facts"" memes are coming back, too. SHUT IT DOWN, OTTO.",anger
And thats it? Then theyre a [NAME]?,surprise
I think we're passed the point where he'll ever have a full health season again.,sadness
I once looked at the I-95 and was hospitalised for weeks.,sadness
I guessed that but Ive never seen a bun like that.,happiness
"It's funny to imagine that they're calling [NAME], a married man, an incel.",happiness
Regret unfollowing him...,sadness
If I havent told you lately...I love you and you are my hero. ,happiness
"Oh my goodness it's like a happy little cloud! What breed is it? Either way, omg enjoy petting that super soft puppy coat for me! ",happiness
I'm new here. Can you help me understand what you mean? I read Jacobin quite a bit.,happiness
I knoooow like why do people exist just to make things worse Im so tired of all these alts/ weird question askers.,sadness
Its never a postive number either so its not optimistic.,disgust
Camera person is not thst far away. Im guessing like 1 yard. Its not too far to save the kid.,surprise
"Nothing is wrong with hugs and love, but most adults need sleep too.",happiness
Thank you :D.,happiness
Tell... what? Im confused.,surprise
"Hard to describe, but I get a more relaxed sleep with cbd.",happiness
How far down the rabbit hole do you want to go?,happiness
Yeah that pass.,happiness
Exactly! How dare we give those people shade!,anger
Chipotleee! [NAME] Damitt! Closes in 39 Seconds.. but we made it!! Loved this guy!!,happiness
"*""Wow""*.",happiness
Its really hard to watch for some people because of how awkward and... just how stupid [NAME] is in this episode.,sadness
Cant imagine taking on that contract.,disgust
Both directions? They should all be arrested. This will cost the people of Edmonton a lot of time and money. Fuck these pricks.,anger
"Appreciate the reply, I'll look into these. Thank you!",happiness
I didnt get to watch!!!! WHAT HAPPENED!!!!!,surprise
I'd worry about traffic more than the TSA.,sadness
Wauw! Those weapons are awesome!!,happiness
[NAME] game sucks. He's good at comps but his strategic game is awful.,happiness
Funny how the whole rape thing just vanished once he was appointed.,anger
This conspiracy theory that entertainment scandals break as distractions makes more sense to me every year.,happiness
It kinda makes sense. Whats the debate here?,surprise
I have a good feeling about the ability to be a left handed gunslinger.. please Rockstar :(.,happiness
I had this insight too What is it called? Theres probably someone who already had this idea 800 years ago and wrote 7 books about it.,happiness
"That's awesome. For the record, I do get anxious over very non intrusive questions, I really have a tenancy to read too much into things. ",anger
Oil Kings game tomorrow is to promote organ donation!!! Come check it out! [NAME] will be there with super awesome/ugly [NAME] jerseys!!,happiness
Something something broken arms.,sadness
"Look into BRI countries, pretty strong overlap with them would be my guess. ",surprise
Throw it all on the mortgage. Don't spend it on garbage you think you need.,happiness
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way. Lol.,happiness
"Plot twist, she's accepted [NAME] as her Lord and Savior.",happiness
"It's become extraordinary, quite.",surprise
"This is me all the time, a mixture of anxiety and dread.",happiness
"Thanks, and play ball!",happiness
"Alas, Windows, so I'll go a-hunting. Thanks for the info, though!",happiness
Weren't the first set of reworks called updated movesets and major balance changes?,surprise
These videos are legendary.,happiness
I do to! We all heard a huge crash and bang and I ran over expecting the worse. Was truly a miracle.,happiness
More please!,fear
"Wow, essential oils can now replace oxygen.",surprise
Right before that he called [NAME] for getting barged in the back and nearly kicked in the face. Weird performance. Didn't change the result mind.,disgust
Gotta love [NAME].,happiness
Me too thanks!,happiness
I spend a lot of time worrying about how and why that'll happen to me as I get older.,fear
"Yikes ... that's a bad one. Thanks, and good catch.",happiness
Thanks man....,happiness
Finally figured out who these two remind me of.,surprise
Do not destroy your life bc of feelings for an underaged person. think back to when you were 14.,happiness
That guy with the orange jacket looks so distraught. Feels bad man.,sadness
"I used to hate them too, but since vikendi Ive gotten pretty used to them ",anger
Id be proud AF if my kid suffered from Cerebral Palsy and was able to do the paralympics dash. Thank you for answering.,happiness
Its less than a year old... Doesnt it seem longer.,happiness
"I wish, the brainwashed idiots here in California love her. It makes me sick. California is a lost cause.",anger
I like that she thinks the water will save her.,happiness
Sorry youre not allowed to be a Vikings fan anymore then.,disgust
"Collusion! Nah but seriously, Knicks need to fall back. ",anger
I am seeing the insane clown posse there in two weeks and I have no idea how I am going to get home covered in faygo.,surprise
Youre gonna be really disappointed when you hear [NAME] track with the guy from Degrassi.,sadness
"[NAME] dude I see [NAME] so rarely that I forget that he's the OG ""Fuck this character fuck this stupid game"" king. ",anger
I cant believe this blatant police brutality.,disgust
When mum comes home and I realise it's hug time.,happiness
Like I said you are right about everything. don't call 911 ever they aren't showing up unless you have a credit card. good luck.,happiness
You just made me so happy.,happiness
Just found UPPERROOM a few months ago and really love them! All the rest are staples in my playlists too!!!,happiness
Good point. Personhood isn't officially granted until you become property/ a bond of the state.,disgust
Funny joke.,happiness
I feel like most of us were pricks as kids.,sadness
"You should call the cops of he comes back, I'm going to guess your coworker has plenty of similar stories about him.",happiness
">""Le Painting""??? What hell is that? - [NAME], 2019.",anger
My dad wears that sweater every game day! Its in much worse condition however.,disgust
No. Going to a competitive high school was harder and more stressful than all my adult endeavors combined.,sadness
"Both sides have extended offers to end the shutdown since it has started, I think it's disingenuous to act like this is completely one sided. ",happiness
Go to the school administration and explain the problem with the nurse having an oil diffuser. See if they'll take action.,anger
Hoooo boy am I ready for a masterpiece.,happiness
"Even with their new location around the corner, they are still incredibly awful. By far the worst [NAME]. ",disgust
Thanks fam jam.,happiness
Is that a normal price for this kind of thing or is it [NAME] expecting a super-wealthy person to impulse buy?,happiness
This is my favorite scene from girl with the dragon tattoo.,happiness
Even for an infidelity sub this is heavy. I hope you find peace somehow.,happiness
You can find the light! Maybe get a pet to love :).,happiness
"Damn, [NAME] really moved up in the world after her breakup with plankton. Good on her!",happiness
>The only way change will happen is when the national media actually focuses on them. Precisely what a protest is aimed at engendering.,happiness
I like the way you think!,happiness
We either bout to get a road win or have another historical collapse.,happiness
Sounds like people who are making a career out of being part of the bureaucracy have come across hard times. Shucks.,anger
"Fuck that, he can go to Cleveland with [NAME] on that bullshit.",anger
I'm sad that I gave that shit article a page view.,sadness
Very much a.... possibility. Save you a click. Damn you [NAME]!,happiness
My condolences.,sadness
"Cool! My [NAME] was in the Maori Battalion, I always wonder if theres any photos of him floating around out there.",happiness
"Will do, thanks.",happiness
Yeah. That was my point.,happiness
"Yeah, life in America is horrifying. Give me a break. ",anger
You're talking about something complete different there.,happiness
You're championing the removal of some threads while complaining about the removal of threads...,disgust
Wow Im glad I live in Cali.,happiness
I won't stop crying ,disgust
I don't judge anyone with this stuff trust me I can hold it close to my face so I could make tea!,disgust
> She fucked my bumper up and I will forever hate her And her insurance didn't repair it because???,disgust
Go on. I'd love to hear more about this.,happiness
I sure hope so! Smug bastards!,anger
Very scary.,fear
Beautiful and thank you for the inspiration.,happiness
Love situations like this...excited to see if he'll make it by tomorrow.,happiness
Wha? I'd love more background on this.,happiness
The sad thing is his is still glitched. Just a couple days ago I died from [NAME] lightsaber about 5 seconds after someone else killed him.,sadness
Its pretty clear UBI is not going to actually Make the character interesting. We should stop deluding ourselves.,anger
Neither of them looked good in the grimes beef lol.,happiness
Im still waiting for two of mine as well. This gives me hope that its still on its way.. :).,happiness
I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.,happiness
Thats how it be.,surprise
Thank you for articulating this for me. It's just like that.,happiness
You're saying [NAME] sucks at drafting...?,surprise
Well good for you man. Enjoy :).,happiness
A lot of people seem really ticked off at the idea of an honourary doctorate.,sadness
You need to look in the mirror if you going to say that [NAME] is overrated yet want to trade him for scrubs like Dedmon.,surprise
That's not her. This is she is in the movie:.,happiness
Ah. My misunderstanding. Yeah get rid of those but that isn't what the removed post was.,sadness
The lies of this evangelical [RELIGION] woman are simply staggering. What a wonderful example she is for her children.,happiness
What is the least confusing racism to you.,surprise
Discuss and follow a case an onsessibg per the case are different. It's odd. It's the only conviction on earth where we see this.,sadness
This is the funniest thing Ive seen today.,happiness
That is so cool.,happiness
It's great you have a friend with the same struggles as long as you both encourage each other to do better. It can be very comforting.,happiness
It still has the potential to be permanent if no alternative is found.,happiness
Good luck with the interview!,happiness
Same can be said for fragile liberals who can't handle cultural traditions and keep trying to push the envelope.,happiness
"This is objectively wrong, what the actual fuck lol.",happiness
What shouldnt be lifetime? :).,happiness
"Right? She sure can dish it but when she got stood up to, not do much! Ha.",happiness
"I like [NAME], but this entire sequence was hilarious. Poor guy. ",happiness
Lmaooo Im sooo gonna use As asap as possible.,happiness
Its ok i understood.,happiness
"Maybe it needs to be ""Hall of Shame"" instead of a museum.",disgust
Cute. ,happiness
I love this! It's nice to hear of a positive outcome on here.,happiness
I've seen guys who didn't know each other start conversations about sports. It all seemed very effortless.,anger
He is probably taking it slow to change thinks. I just hope that he is not an actual fan of [NAME] system. That would be a disaster.,happiness
...yellow?,surprise
"Yeah, clear off. And tell your mates you had a horrible time too. ",anger
What in the actual...,happiness
Sorry man. Didn't realize I was talking to a Russian spam bot. Please give my best to [NAME].,sadness
> For the same reason it wouldnt permit business with an expressly racist/sexist/etc. business But those practices are illegal at all levels already.,disgust
Oh sorry I didnt realize that journalists werent actually autonomous humans that can think for themselves.,sadness
Luckily for her former therapist maybe she can no longer leave her home.,happiness
Please feel free to laugh at me if I am wrong but I have seen this movie before...this game is over.,anger
Damn this got me.,anger
Could listen to it coz everyone talking.. not a bad thing coz the dude in the do rag was whack as fuck.,anger
"I don't need any [NAME]. But if At the Gates actually I made a game, I'd be interested.",happiness
Your post is awesome. People need to hear this more. Thank you.,happiness
"[NAME] cant you see, youre being way too loud for me.",anger
"Gore magala is my favorite monster in mh4u, you did an amazing job!",happiness
We need more vowelled insults so you can spell an Acronym with them.,happiness
Not sure if this has been asked but is autism a result of not having a filter? Apologies if I offend.,surprise
"The light socket doesnt provide any light, so its useless.",disgust
"Nothing better to do with their time, I guess?",surprise
Do you know why their airships have sirens? Edit: It's LASD.,surprise
"At least you get sunny on Netflix, they took it off in Canada :(.",sadness
"It was never about comparisons, it was about our experiences and relationship to capitalists here.",disgust
I'd piss right on their floor. Fuck this.,anger
Worst CB weve had in recent memory.,anger
Yep. Learned my lesson this time.,happiness
I'd love to do that one day.,happiness
I rarely like or comment on YouTube. But I make hella playlists so I guess I use it more as a tool than a community.,happiness
If we shoot by accident we don't keep feeding him when we see he is using siphon that give terimuns a barely a single clamity shot.,happiness
"I dont think itll happen solely because of UA, however thatll surely be cool if it does happen.",happiness
"The only thing worse than this guy, is an actual vegan lecturing random strangers on why meat is murder. ",anger
Well this is terrifying.,fear
I'm sorry you have to deal with this. My mom does the same anytime she loses something. She accuses people of stealing whatever she lost.,sadness
"Ah, the ol' plurality of majesty.",happiness
That was brutal as hell. Loved it.,happiness
Thats adorable! He probably wants them all in one spot so he can make sure theyre ok and not getting lost or hurt.,happiness
I live in those unfortunately.,sadness
"[NAME] looks too creepy,but it's a very nice drawing.",fear
FUCK LES BRUNS.,anger
"> Obs streamlabs Thank you buddy, I will take a look at it now and do some testing.",happiness
A classic question. He wanted to create to share His love and existence.,happiness
"On top of the animals listed, you can also unfortunately see foxes in Oatley Park closer to sunset.",surprise
Go off [NAME] This season has been a roller coaster but this guy is the best thing we've had in a while. He's so damn good.,happiness
Then its lost man. So sad!...its terrible.,sadness
"Oh I didnt realize you were saying that, my bad . And yes thats a great idea that would help develop him ",happiness
Grim. Thank you for the info though. I learned something today.,happiness
Because our roster has gotten worse each year since 2017 and the team is spending less. That isn't a recipe for continued success.,disgust
My parents did this for 8 years. apparently its a lot of fun.,happiness
"Im sorry should I have brought my make-up wipes and washed my face during my MRI? Or my ultrasound? Find some peace, man. ",sadness
I'm so jealous!,anger
Thank you :).,happiness
"Honestly, I bet they would argue that the food was out of the car, so youre not covered. ",anger
I want the man who makes me pizza from scratch and then lovingly hand feeds it to me. Completely realistic expectation.,happiness
My god i thought he just hit his shins really hard on the pole but than realised what his shoulders did...,surprise
You're a big man.,happiness
Ohhhh Thank you! I just found them!,happiness
And everybody clapped! Fuck this loser!,anger
"Whatever you do, don't give your virginity to anyone. You will regret it if you give it up cheaply. ",sadness
Yup this game just gets worse and worse.,sadness
"Come on, Redwings won, Knights need to win. give me another 2-fer, baby!",happiness
Glad I took the 1st half spread.,happiness
I really despise that woman.,disgust
"Just go for it, man. Life is too short.",happiness
I was dying when he said we got to make love or be a crime.,happiness
Love Galore pt.2 ,happiness
You people really overestimate how much welfare actually covers. You act like one child is making six figures and giving their entire family an MTV Cribs lifestyle.,surprise
"Also technically wrong, it would be last year but not a year ago.",disgust
Sometimes I want these guys to make it. Sometimes I want these dumbasses to fail.,happiness
"This isn't a sport from Holland it's from Frisia, the title is wrong.",disgust
But that jumper looks hella cosy.,happiness
Would love to donate as well!,happiness
What? Im regular lurker here that just deiced to comment.,happiness
"Where is you fur, human? You're a disgrace for all young generations.",sadness
Digitally executed lol.,happiness
READ HER!,happiness
How mature of you. Resorting to name-calling is delightfully childish. I expected nothing less.,happiness
"Online gaming is toxic. If those cuts were ever tapped, there would be lots of people in jail.",anger
What's it matter?!?!,happiness
"Welcome to the party, pal!",happiness
"I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.",happiness
Well that is just absurd.,happiness
"You look the same to me, but I'm happy you had a goal and accomplished it!! You're a cutie !! ",happiness
"Awesome, love the input! I totally get what youre saying!",happiness
Good thing theres someone sensible in the Whitehouse.,happiness
We stan supportive parents!,anger
Its probably down to low player base.,happiness
It sounds like you'd have a great time with Final Fantasy XIV.,happiness
Wow! Now that's some propaganda we could use more of!,happiness
"Maybe the matte foundation is a ploy so you have to buy Fenty highlighters, gloss, and eyeshadows to add the glow back  r/muaconspiracy.",surprise
So ya gonna do a pat down or just trust the dude?,happiness
Thank goodness Im safe. Dont sound so disappointed.,happiness
"I would not recommend water panties, you might find things a bit squishy! ;).",disgust
What kind of dog is that on the left?! He looks like a sweet pup.,happiness
Its much better. Inhaling burned particulate plant matter is very bad.,disgust
But how late is too late?,happiness
"More like you need ennemy jungle too dumber/weaker than u. But at equal skills, when player know how to play, its a troll pick.",happiness
"Holy shit, it's never occurred to me I'll still be anxious at 50. Thanks for this, very informative.",happiness
"The truth is, there is no spoon.",surprise
Save a spot for me! I'll bring the rainbow penis shaped bags of penis shaped rainbow glitter!,happiness
My favorite thing is when [NAME] gets the ball at the top of the key and every stands with their hands on their hips.,happiness
I will mate. No worries.,happiness
Doesn't answer the question about who is going to pick the low hanging fruit though!,anger
My favourite scene in the movie.,happiness
"Yeah, I guess youre right! Ill definitely try talking to him. Thank you.",happiness
I was flabbergasted when I saw it.,surprise
"Lies, damn lies and statistics. ",anger
">sentence more severe. Debatable, I'd rather be dead than have everyone think I relentlessly molested kids. ",happiness
Stick with us. If only for one more day. Then lets try again tomorrow.,happiness
[NAME] fits at 3 separate funerals plus almost every very serious uncomfortable conversation I've ever had would indicate you're not alone. [NAME].,happiness
"That used to be my favorite view on the planet, but now its just rage. I cant look anymore.",anger
"Python2 end of life will be nice, though.",happiness
Happy New Year Everybody!,happiness
"Lol well if you see an awkward looking girl in a white car following at a safe distance, just know thats little ole anxious me!",happiness
M'goodboy. His mommy better give him plenty of tendies and honey mussy for his good manners.,happiness
She's turkish.,surprise
Thank you. That was driving me crazy. I thought her response would actually be her correcting him.,happiness
I was there in 89-91. Some of the best years of my life.,happiness
Agreed 100% if's freakin ridiculous! I think YouTube pays them to influence you to pay for the You Tube subscription just to NOT see these ads!,happiness
I am confusion.,surprise
"Yup, even if they had a very rough life... Nobody ages thaaaaaat badly.",happiness
"I dont think there are strippers necessarily, but it does make me question what he wants to do without me there.",happiness
Thanks! Here's hoping silly comic book shows don't trigger you in 2019!,happiness
"Damn, that sucks.",anger
Not even going to open the link. Already know I agree with Sloss.,happiness
Saints Chiefs matchup would make for a great Super Bowl.,happiness
Have you told him you aren't 100% ok with it? It sounds like you're regretting this decision.,sadness
I'm guessing they give up garbage time scores alot when they have the win in hand.,sadness
Why a 14 year old? WHY WEAR LIP STICK WHEN KISSING PAPER?,anger
"I wish this was real but for girls, so I don't have to taste the bitter of being rejected because ""You are not my kind"".",happiness
Yet we keep supporting this race to the bottom to the worst tolerable option...,happiness
So you're saying my man was murdered...,surprise
"Thought you were gonna go steak with ketchup in that last bit, ya pulled a sneaky.",surprise
Lmao this dude sitting in an Iowa thread throwing shade on New Years Day with nothing better to do.,happiness
Soundboard operator needs to start blasting duck quacks whenever we block their guys.,happiness
I got the auto reply a day ago.,surprise
Well you needn't worry about it I won't be coming back to that floating turd you call a country.,fear
"You can't rightfully earn a billion dollars. Your employees can, and fifty thousand people in sweatshops can, but a single person cant.",happiness
Voting for someone to tax you to death makes no sense.,anger
It's not just me that has enemies for life then...,happiness
Married to the love of my life. LOL.,happiness
"I personally believe [NAME] is asexual, other characters in simillar situations all get hints toward homosexuality but I can't remember any for [NAME].",happiness
You all need to move the f out of your parents house!,happiness
"That does suck. Im sorry. Having recently been ghosted by someone who I thought was a very close friend, its a terrible feeling.",happiness
"Oh, Im so sorry! Good luck, I hope your 3000% more successful than me! Sending love and support!!!!!",happiness
Funny looking bats.,happiness
You know its bad when you grab the toothpaste and start reading it.,anger
I'm baffled.,surprise
"No no no, the ball was tipped. Hes a great kicker.",happiness
Those other people who gave the second one to the boy are pricks. The girl obviously loves hockey more.,happiness
Feeling is exhausting. They used to feel those things and now they feel nothing because they're so burnt out and tired.,sadness
Go on the website its super easy to get hired loading trucks thats for sure.,happiness
"Freaky, more like creepy.",fear
Thank you for your help my friend.,happiness
"WE mODiFieD eiGHT viDEo CaRds tO fIt iN A SinGLe pciE sLoT /squeak Whoops, sorry, wrong [NAME].",sadness
Youre right. Thank you for the context and information.,happiness
"I kind of feel the same, I live for sex and am absolutely wasted on my husband. ",happiness
"Even Rolling Storm seems better, and it is not very good.",disgust
"That made me smile. Thank you!! And yes, definitely replacing her on my reference list lol. ",happiness
I have secondhand embarrassment for them both.,sadness
This looks amazing. I'm sure Netflix will cancel the series in February.,happiness
My dad doesnt believe in climate change. This is way too accurate.,disgust
Redemption island? I'm not judging if you like it just curious.,happiness
A west coast NYE show consisting solely of sunset photos.,happiness
Wtf is this lmao god I hate reddit.,anger
"Thank you for sharing, I hope your mum can find a partner :).",happiness
Why wont i just fucking die.,anger
Yes.... because they are dictatorships.... capitalist america is ending bad too if you pay attention.,disgust
Alway protect yourself.,happiness
"True, and so sad to see. Somewhere along the way, the governing of a country my mutual consensus turned into a national sport with 2 teams.",sadness
"He's the only dignified politician, but it's still bizarre that people can be so enamoured of a literal [NAME].",happiness
I love this man.,happiness
"Nice, I like it. A truly unusual pairing. ",happiness
"Currently [NAME], I just finished watching season 1 and I really like her. Bendelacreme is my all time favorite tho.",happiness
It feels like it plays worse tbh.,anger
Happy new years!!,happiness
"I remember being so excited when we got AAA back, even though it cost us Fournier...man, that sure went south. #ThanksShaw.",happiness
Can we just take a minute to appreciate the thigh. So delicious and so cheap.,happiness
"Well i gave you my reasoning, if you're not interested in responding why waste you're time being annoying. ",anger
"Oh damn, its gonna hunt me down. ",sadness
Aw [NAME] - she wanted this to be her legacy.,happiness
I was using story of the tower of Babel to say that from a [RELIGION] side people would all have the same skin colour anyway.,happiness
"When he formally announces, that's when my big donation will drop.",surprise
"This looks delicious, I wish I had all ingredients on hand, because I would make this tomorrow.",happiness
I'm sorry for what happened to you. I guess you were sending mixed signals all the time.,sadness
These posts must make people want to be security guards.,happiness
RTD lines are free in Denver tonight. Stay safe.,happiness
This only pushes me closer to the void.,fear
Trade up for Haskins. If that doesn't happen give me Greedy.,anger
No need to be sorry if you are seeking to leave ignorance. The only bad thing an ignorant person can do is willfully and knowingly stay ignorant.,disgust
Thats why I have a separate work number - I can just shut it off.,happiness
"Yeah but that post is a day old so OP won't have any chance of getting karma off it, cmmon now.",happiness
"I got matched with the best [NAME] in the world today, it was well fun. Felt happy to win a round ahaha.",happiness
I still can't believe that dude in Whangarei is still allowed to run his business. I wonder how much longer he will keep it up.,happiness
"Pretty terrifying. Imagine if you went on a school trip, did nothing, and came home to this.",fear
Ugh this moment really had me crying lol just hearing him remember all the good I was like WHY.,happiness
We are atrocious on defence.. I hate this tactics of defenders playing th ball around.. slows down the creativity so much.,disgust
Nothing. I am much happier off all meds. Been off of meds for 2 years.,happiness
True but I am a fan of [NAME] and I'm just relieved he pulled through even if his victory did not make me any richer.,happiness
Crackly bois.,anger
Just like an unwritten rule to discuss a perfect game during a perfect game. Interesting.,happiness
If [NAME] gets 350M+ from anyone we should be glad we didn't get him.,happiness
I'm a girl and got the belt for doing something similar with another girl.,happiness
I remember my grandparents seemed to hate each other. my grandpa had a hearing aid and when grandma starting nagging he'd reach up and turn it off.,sadness
You just make her sound awesome.,happiness
Ah! youre welcome! :).,happiness
I love how [NAME] touted the Hong Kong model as something beneficial. What a joke.,happiness
I dont believe so. I got it when the Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit was in my city.,disgust
Thanks for this!,happiness
Every time you share this with someone you teach your body that you don't need to hide this.,anger
Mr. [NAME] Moderate himself. I do hope the DCCC pours money into [NAME] rematch campaign when he declares.,happiness
[NAME] lmao.,happiness
Oh of course they were playing as nix.,happiness
Thats so drastic. Just hide it by parting your hair on the other side for 2 weeks till the gaps not so visible.,surprise
"I gotta take credit for YouTube because he recommends some sick underground artists but old ones? Never, at least for me.",happiness
[NAME] damn it I love this but it had a STRONG socialist undertone and I just cant fw that.,sadness
Oh sweet! From their website I wasn't sure what age group it was geared toward.,surprise
He looks especially cute in the glasses.,happiness
Whoops I still hope they press that legislation though.,happiness
Those women are the worst.,anger
"There is a difference, because unless something had given them encouragement, they'd still be feeling negative about it. ",disgust
"There's a bit of room between ""not loving sub-zero temperatures"" and ""never going outside.""",anger
Fucking love [NAME]. [NAME] best couple don't @ me.,happiness
I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them.,happiness
Is that a real tweet? From the actual president? Not a parody? I can't tell anymore.,surprise
"Ah, info not previously known. Knowing that, I probably wouldve done the same. ",surprise
Oh ok sorry.,sadness
Stalking is kind of beta. He should have kidnapped her on horseback.,happiness
"Honestly, the fact that they're over and done didn't truly hit me until I saw that they now have a Greatest Hits album.",happiness
"This guy /u/EightRoundsRapid is sending me nude dm's even though he knows i'm underage, what do i do?",surprise
Kudos to OP for not falling for the bait.,happiness
"Oh that's disgusting, this man should be sent to priso- ohh, it's America, ok then, feel free. ",anger
I like this one.,happiness
I just found my new flair. Thanks [NAME].,happiness
Dont use imgur Its an atrocious website.,surprise
No offense but this shit just not working in some people. So they likely to say they are placebos(same applies for me too unfortunately).,anger
Sounds like some people could just be a bit confused and maybe not been to a drive thru before.,surprise
It was eaten by a Photoshop coyote. Adobe support is your only hope.,happiness
"Yeah seriously! I saw the controller and I thought ""don't do it, don't do it!""",fear
I hear the ruler's control is remote and is viewed with great reception.,happiness
He ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.,anger
"I think everyone should watch the first season. It's hilarious, but also a pretty brutal indictment about what a show politics is.",happiness
It's probably easier when you're given all the money and connections you need without doing anything worthwhile to earn it.,happiness
I immediately block these shitheads/asshats.,anger
"I'm sorry. On the plus side, your toilet joke made me laugh really hard. Lol. Thanks.",happiness
But he wanted to!,happiness
I wonder how [NAME] prepares his food.,happiness
This looks so damn cool! Id love a shirt like this!,happiness
Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.,anger
Top 10 nibbas satan's too afraid to torture.,happiness
Just let [NAME] run it as a FB.,happiness
> [NAME] is terrible at finding obscure crap like this Have you ever tried google? ^^^:^^^P.,disgust
Again.. lolz.,happiness
"I think you have to predict and dodge almost before the throw, same as [NAME] teleport kick.",surprise
Thank you for that. My gf jumped right next to me! ,happiness
That's odd. Where I live it all the disapproval has been silent. The loud people are older cougar ladies that are into that kind of thing.,surprise
Enjoying oneself automatically makes an action harmless?,anger
"I just don't want to see them shame themselves, and actually show their worth and virtue instead of showing themsleves to be a walking sexual object.",sadness
" Don't be so stupid. Terrorism is inherently political, religion is just one of the tools used to carry it out. ",anger
"Glad she;'s back inside, tragic what shes doing to this dude and his family they r the ones picking up the tab. ",happiness
Opposite reaction to the right trying to demonize her. The obsession with her from the right is insane.,anger
You could be nonbinary?,surprise
"Well done dude! Seriously :) But keep it up, don't lose this momentum.",happiness
"I'm not sure about bigger, but according to Google search algorithm, definitely as relevant.",surprise
You've been salty since we beat y'all. That's just how mafia works my friend.,happiness
It's better to say a moment like that could truly ignite her love for the game rather than putting a bit of a damper on it.,happiness
Heaven forbid /s.,disgust
"Oh believe me, wed love that too.",happiness
Sounds like an fp to me ,happiness
"Like the poor redhead in True Blood that got vampired as a virgin, but worse.",disgust
That guy is gonna regret losing you the rest of his life. You know why i know this? Because i am him 30 years ago.,happiness
[NAME] is always late to meetings.,anger
I need a loop of [NAME] falling lol.,happiness
That's the reason I am terrified to wear contacts on duty. I'm afraid it'll get stuck between my contacts and eyes and destroy my pupils.,fear
That's a very...unsettling face.,fear
It is the truth lol.,happiness
THANK YOU!!,happiness
"Im curious, do any other coaches do this?",happiness
Pins are given out? My store hordes that shit like theres a coming apocalypse and pins are the only thing that will save them.,anger
His misogyny is disturbing.,disgust
"Wow, a Walmart Truck Stop. I think that would be outstanding! They should do that everywhere, I mean they already have the land.",happiness
"Anytime, don't be afraid to reach out if you're feeling down. ",happiness
Shouldn't it be NAA?,happiness
He really channeled his inner [NAME] for this goal.,happiness
"Well, actually it is a joke on how mansplainers often start their mansplaining with: ""well, actually"".",happiness
So. He is such a premature ejaculator that he goes before someone can take a breath? That's just amazing.,happiness
Dont worry i am also broke like sh@t. Keep your head up :).,happiness
See as sad as I am I cant hate anyone here.,anger
My favorite gusgasm.,happiness
The guy who tied a shotgun to a balloon so the gun would float away and it would just look like a homicide comes to mind.,surprise
I am more than pleasantly surprised I clicked this link.,surprise
That's the longest dimple I've ever seen>.,happiness
Increase in robberies on pot shops. I really hope not though.,sadness
[NAME] WOULD NEVER USE [NAME]! HE'S A GOOD BOY!,happiness
Dear [NAME] they're multiplying...,happiness
"Stay safe, you will find someone one day. ",happiness
Wait this is what chill looks like? Some girl told me that I look dead amd I flinch at the slightest movement. You really call that chill?,anger
Hey look It's a Bernout from Potomac! Lol.,surprise
You are disgusting.,disgust
"Thanks, I reached out.",happiness
"Oh, give me a break, it was worded like an insult, clear as a day. A mild one, but still.",anger
I was hoping for a new album surprise came out of nowhere when i saw the notification.,surprise
This is perfect.,happiness
I've used tofu and nutritional yeast before. It works well for ricotta! Recipe here!,happiness
Quit serving money and [NAME] will feed you.,surprise
**Takes away membership card* HOW DARE YOU SIR!!!,anger
But you might not be special for them. You can't make someone love you.,happiness
No matter how hard you scrub it WON'T COME OUT.,disgust
Oh [NAME] !!!,happiness
Damn its like that tv show on Netflix called You. Stay safe and hope everything works out for you.,happiness
"I love [NAME] as much as the next [NAME], but seriously man. Whatchu doing son?",happiness
How did notre dame drop two spots when the played us closer than bama did?,happiness
"That's why he's gotta go!! Yes, girls!",happiness
I am curious how much he will get.,happiness
"Well, I guess that explains my gf mood now ",surprise
"Good job! Next, I recommend going NO contact.",happiness
"Nice try, bot!",happiness
Bored waiting for the game [NAME].,sadness
Nope. Has been and still is my favorite.,happiness
I honestly have no idea what [NAME] offers Genuinely don't rate him.,surprise
I mastered the smelling weed in public. Just ignore them.,anger
Lmao that's a funny coincidence.,happiness
"55 here. Of course, I could never catch me one of those wonderful incels.",happiness
HOW MUCH IS IT.,happiness
Ya! Nintendo is for kids! Now join me on my expensive PC and let's play stardew valley like MEN!!,happiness
Hey I just reposted this without reading it dont blame me for it putting boy friend.,sadness
Fact: 2:28 I'll never ger back.,sadness
I dont see anything awful on her. Shes old. Thats it.,happiness
Continue the positivity!,happiness
You guys are getting a better pick that we are. take solace.,happiness
I missed you [NAME] you're pretty cool.,happiness
Good riddance. I'm surprised it lasted that long. [NAME] is trash.,happiness
Poor Guy. Come back stronger than ever!,happiness
I love that username.,happiness
Glad [NAME] found some love in his life.,happiness
Yeah Q was bad card I was just bloating the pot. I definitely feel this is one of the worst hands Ive played.,happiness
Goosebumps had the same take on those too. Those books used to scare the shit out of me.,happiness
A sorry lot.,happiness
"Yeah like feminism! Not at all artificially inflated with terrible facts, information and school systems.",anger
Hes also talking about pushing [NAME] in front of a train. Kid needs the old bill coming around for a stern chat.,disgust
Incredibly laborious task. They look like they're handling it pretty well though...,happiness
I was not prepared for this.,happiness
"Oh, haha Gladstone is a town in North Qld Australia as well... thanks Reddit.",happiness
WHAT THE FUCK.,anger
"Its a tough thing, but our government NEEDS to be downsized drastically. I just hope the affected employees have help with the transition.",happiness
Bears are empathetic creatures? lol...,happiness
"I like how she was trying to stop the fight, then just gave up and started throwing them too.",happiness
This should be everyone's wish.,happiness
Because the false accusation makes my anxiety worse.,anger
They could have prepared you better. I'm so sorry. I wanna give you a hug and tell you it's okay.,sadness
I'm not super happy about having to see his face in the news for at least another 6 years.,sadness
"Props to this guy, that was an amazing comment. ",happiness
Name one thing this person in power has said or done thats racist. This should be fun..,happiness
"Ugh, thanks. I'm still working through it emotionally  so funny about worrying over the stain! ",happiness
I mean you can want a break from something and still enjoy it.,happiness
Mother knows best.,happiness
May your test be negative and your New Year's be happy!,happiness
Go away with your good reason and good arguments and stats and facts. This sub is all about blind fanboyism about [NAME] and [NAME].,happiness
I completely agree! It's cold at first but makes you feel so alive and invigorated by it too. It's a total shock to the system.,happiness
#OMG TERRIFYING!!!!,fear
Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.,happiness
This is probably the clearest and most concise explanation I've ever encountered for why authoritarian religions seem to focus on trivial behaviors. Thank you.,happiness
Not defending [NAME] at all but this is just super sad if its true...,sadness
Google image him. Hes NEVER had a good haircut.,disgust
Beautiful shot. It goes through my back yard every day.,happiness
"There is a huge hormone dump around 48-72 hours after birth. Totally normal. Take care of yourself, eat well, and get some rest.",happiness
I was also [NAME]. We all make mistakes.,sadness
It'll be hard to surive on that wage in Vancouver. It's expensive AF here.,happiness
Imagine what could've happened if you saw the longer director's cut!,happiness
No. Thats an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.,disgust
No spelling and grammar errors. Oh my [NAME] better than the other repost.,happiness
YES to all of this!,happiness
Give me [NAME]. We need some thump when we clear the benches.,happiness
"To be fair, the world (especially politics) has been kind of a shit show since 2016.",anger
[NAME] what an asshole.,anger
"I dont understand your question, why are you nervous if you are happy with the arrangement and he seems interested? ",surprise
"[NAME], don't fucking front the pass if your help defender is [NAME] he will not help you.",sadness
"I take it you'll be consistent in this stance and never go to the doctor, because there's nothing you can do to stop it. ",happiness
What the fuck is that horrifying picture.,anger
Cant believe [NAME] era is coming to an end... feels like yesterday I saw his 1st win against the cowboys with tiki breaking the rushing record.,surprise
"The UK government's No Deal plan is basically to do exactly what they would do if the withdrawal agreement passes, with some caveats, I believe.",happiness
"Uncle [NAME], you dirty old man.",anger
And evidently [NAME] has a weak stomach. Ha.,surprise
Ohh. thank you for explaining!,happiness
I'm keeping my mouth shut. I don't want you yokels crowding up the wine store I go to.,anger
"She seem immature, playing mind games. I would be direct and if she still keeps playing games let her go. seems like an attention seeker.",anger
No! That's horrible news!..for Galaxy fans lol.,happiness
I like the Canucks. And I hate the leafs and rags sooo Im on board.,happiness
*6 objectively [NAME] and [NAME] are terrible at their jobs.,happiness
Wasn't the Oroville Dam collapse triggered (at least partially) by an overflow?,happiness
I found some very interesting things on the mind shock podcasts about questions I had. Enjoy the digging in the reddit hole.,happiness
"I'd rather take the chance that a kind, helpful comment falls on deaf ears than a snide one ends up hurting someone. ",sadness
Both are awesome states. I just got back from NM yesterday! Good luck with your move.,happiness
"She's a person of color, they instantly hate her lol. ",happiness
"Thanks to me, my grandma now refers to to [NAME] as ""the lizard"".",happiness
"No such thing as too cold, friend! Just too long, I don't wanna bother.",anger
That's so wholesome ,happiness
Hey same here!! The first week of April!,surprise
Thanks for the lead. Ordered.,happiness
Oh for fucks sake.,anger
Does that include [NAME]?,happiness
"I would not be that mad though. Just disappointed. I am angry at people like you, not the show in itself.",anger
You're amazing. I'd buy it :).,happiness
US labor laws are fucked up.,disgust
Do you have the MVP Giambi card? The stats are nice vs [NAME] but he hasnt really performed like I expected.,happiness
I had season seats in 230 row 2 for a solid 5 years when the Pru just opened. Great view of the ice. Glad you had fun!,happiness
It's a perfect loop.,happiness
I didnt say for how long Id been in it. :) Maybe it was made of ply board and garbage!,surprise
"Sksksksk omg, I think I mustve got confused then, yeh top for ep8 right? And thats the makeover or the ball?",surprise
So I'm not ugly I'm hideous.,happiness
"I don't even understand stuff is going on, I just laugh and hope it's at the right time. ",happiness
How disgusting. Those vile people can burn in hell!,disgust
I thought you were suggesting a bigger knife for a second.,happiness
Poor crack baby ,sadness
Fantastic thanks! If theres anything I can do to help you out with the interview or your first year teaching let me know!,happiness
Thats not what i said but okay schlomo.,sadness
"Omg this is so cute, thank you u/Skraxx.",happiness
I'm curious - are you under the age of 30?,happiness
"Man, I want to see a Polandball of this now.",happiness
Shared misery *always* makes me feel better :D.,happiness
"If it was six, I would have accepted it as just some crude humor.",happiness
"No, YOURE crying!!!!",sadness
Massive overlap. I have been vegan for 10 years and anti birth around the same time for the reasons you note.,happiness
I like Kyber.,happiness
Youre the kind of guy I could really dig... a grave for!,anger
"The no rape was my favorite part, so glad people agree.",happiness
"I am sure that whatever happens in the end, [NAME] will fuck it up.",anger
"Lol, Im surprised more people didnt catch that. Thanks for the med check! ",happiness
"Now comes your affiant, [NAME], law school and attorney credentialing expert. I don't understand what's wrong, though. [NAME] passed the bar.",surprise
" Dude, ok your cool now.",happiness
"I love the content the PC channel puts out, its what wwe's channel should do more of.",happiness
Came here to say this. I thank you kindly. Long live America. ,happiness
"Just the fact that people constantly use words like ""incel"" to demean people proves that society is getting worse than it already is.",anger
I never even knew there were bullies in school unit I was out of school and read about bullies in school.,surprise
"On a related note, why does it shatter? I expected it to break into a few large pieces, rather than completely fall apart.",surprise
I never said they were emotionless.,disgust
"This exact scene, as a matter of fact, haha.",happiness
Going to jump sides 2nd half lol.,fear
So what did she mean to say? Im so confused...,surprise
"[NAME] i've ever seen, nice to see that money doesn't ruin a good marriage.",happiness
I am also interested in this link!,happiness
"It didn't take me any longer than the first, and I feel uncomfortable now.",anger
Wouldn't you say [NAME] and [NAME] are part of the same generation?,happiness
"This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause its also the most real he could ever be ",fear
"Im all for putting rapists in jail, and honestly i dont like [NAME] politically but they tried so hard to taint an innocent man in jail and thats sad.",sadness
Incredible how you can... SEE RIGHT THROUGH ME!!!,happiness
This one is hitting people that knew him hard. He was such a happy guy all the time. Hopefully they catch the bastard soon.,happiness
I mean thats still weird bro... its like a college grad feeling up a junior in HS.,happiness
That was around 5 grand but cheers and hope wherever you go in life keeps you happy and striving to go higher!,happiness
This just makes me angry.,anger
"Wow, im the opposite. In year 2 of being apart now.",happiness
"Yes, they suck for making a profit off of people who are proven to be high risk. How dare they!",anger
"Rethink your body! With type 2 diabetes, you can loose your lower limbs thanks to peripheral artery disease!",happiness
Where else would one buy the ingredients from? Like are their dozens of ice cream suppliers?,happiness
Ummm mdma or x would never make someone this violent. She was under the influence of something cut with meth.,happiness
Police numbers in London are at their lowest (per head of population) in twenty years. Those fucking cuts!,anger
"Roger that, I'll see if I have any in store~ Thanks!",happiness
Its very unlikely that they charged the rider again.,sadness
"I think I found the rom somewhere, now I just gotta set it up. I hope I can manage to do that. ",happiness
Worst winter ever :(.,sadness
Wow that's amazing. i wonder what that feels like.,happiness
There just shouldn't be police enforcing nonsense traffic laws. Cops should stay at their station until summoned by a citizen like fire trucks and ambulances do.,happiness
Watching her wardrobe/closet tour video. Its hilarious.,happiness
"They'll investigate themselves and nothing will happen. Detroit police bully everyone. An they wonder why no one likes them, Respects them, Or why people run from them. ",anger
"Two sessions, actually. He apparently found the party boring.",surprise
"Think of his target audience. Theyre the ones who are fooled by talkers, not thinkers.",surprise
"I pirated this movie last night and can confirm: it's truly awful. Not just lacking in good, but *aggressively* bad.",anger
"Damn you're prolly right. only character i actually hate is [NAME], i'll use a different word.",happiness
>trying to start a career as a male model/bodybuildel/social-media influencer. Oh boy this made me fall out.,surprise
I love [NAME] but its been 1 year.,happiness
Still not as bad as [NAME] not being able to figure out how to push a god damn button.,anger
Im not. I know too many moid larpers to be one. Ill show you my face if you want.,anger
Man up and get yourself a date with a different woman.,happiness
"I love this so much, glad [NAME] made it to San Jose after all.",happiness
"This is wild omg. Also, happy cake day twin!",happiness
So now we have [NAME] King and The Prince. Nice. I'm not even mad with this transfer lol.,happiness
"Consider this a digital hug. Not too long, not too short, just enough to make you feel a human connection and some comfort. :).",happiness
Like 2lbs worth of potato and toppings at her grandmas every damn day. I love that show as well.,happiness
Seen plenty of women's marches with so called feminists wearing hijabs even though that is not a symbol of freedom.,happiness
"Typical left, calling people [NAME] just so they can hate them.",sadness
"Beautiful face, but scenically over the top.",happiness
"Great program, the wife and i have been able to pay down 10k in debt in 3 months since moving our daughter into the program.",happiness
Some things are worse than death. Being a dairy farm cow is one of those.,sadness
"I've done it 3-4 times as survivor and never got the trophy. I think I'll try as Killer, will be easier haha.",happiness
SOOOOO TRUE!!,happiness
"I dunno, I've found some of my holy grail products through bloggers.",happiness
It makes more sense now.,happiness
"Thank you, and I am. I'm definitely fine with regretful parent, I'd flair myself that if I had an actual computer at hand.",happiness
He was dead through the whole movie. Oh wait.,happiness
Because Warlord actually has NO moveset at all and is literally the most boring videogame char to play.,sadness
Id love that luxury of time.,happiness
You mean I shouldn't be doing treating it that way now?,happiness
"I mean I've never seen, even on this show, people grab so many cookies and chips with such excitement. ",happiness
"And for those who may not be aware, you may be even more infuriated to know that [NAME] is [NAME] son,.",anger
25000 likes wow! I got max. 30-35 likes.,surprise
Lmao why does every sw fan have to be so melodramatic.,happiness
Highly reccomend it OP Listen i got 74 days cigerette free i couldnt be happier! My next step is quitting the juul which is gonna be rough.,happiness
I'd be ok with it if you get one less card when you mulligan.,happiness
I laughed in my beard.,happiness
I had an ex like that. I know why I couldn't function with his way of life. Totally unproductive.,surprise
I ate my mommy and daddy.,anger
[NAME] and [NAME] ... I guess we drank a little too much...,surprise
"You offered her the wrong ""services"" /s (obviously I hope).",disgust
I both loathe and applaud you.,happiness
"That's true, but I was surprised to find absolutely ZERO information about a person who , presumably, has quite a bit of power and influence.",surprise
"I mean who cares, this show isnt built for perfection. Its built for comedy. ",sadness
I came here to see this. Never disappointed in reddit.,surprise
Damm!! I want to know what happened with [NAME] I think she stole his debit card?!,anger
Who should I keep? 1 keeper. .5 PPR ten teams [NAME] [NAME] [NAME] [NAME] [NAME].,surprise
[NAME] looked bad pre release. Post release she was touched up and tweaked. Relax.,happiness
"It could be, but I hope it's abandoned. I haven't been too impressed with the flash forwards. ",disgust
Lindt dont fuck about.,anger
"Ah, thank you :D.",happiness
I really enjoyed it actually. The world and the monster seemed really cool an original idea.,happiness
Am i missing something or is this an antijoke that doesn't belong here?,happiness
Damn straight! My folks only knew when I told them about it!,anger
"Wow, Michelin star for $25. That's nuts. Thanks for the heads up. ",happiness
He's pretty badass.,disgust
"I hope you get fired or rejected from your job for some stupid arbitrary reasons, maybe then you'll wise the fuck up.",happiness
While that is cute-try to do critical thinking while u are reading. Prove your god exsists-let him smite me. That mighty smiter.,happiness
What? No way do I want to see a Boston coach behind our bench!,anger
[NAME] pays big. He bought out Hot Dougs so he could enjoy their foie gras sausages 4x a day.,happiness
[NAME] for best actress.,happiness
"You said that he said ""women shouldn't be allowed in the workplace"" which is dishonest and false.",disgust
Cats are repulsive and they don't deserve to be pets.,disgust
Old news. Been posted two or three times already.,happiness
And then he calls the fans crybabies for saying his movie sucked. Just take the L dude.,sadness
"Traded me away, the bastard. Kidding aside, it's the annual r/hockey trade deadline game.",disgust
True! He probably is just lonely. Thank you for the kind words :).,happiness
"""Ummmmm *Eeyore*? Duh?"" *sighs violently, rubs temples* (This is when I leave before I do/say something stupid).",anger
"It's good, good, good, good - good good good!",happiness
AFTER TEN THOUSAND YEARS I'M FREE.,happiness
"Shes a good person who stands up for people not like her, and they cant stand that.",happiness
Who brings a gun to a middle school in the first place? This kid was not right.,anger
Hitting your kids for punishment just makes them sneakier. Maybe that has something to do with the dishonesty of the church and [RELIGION] in general.,happiness
I love the 90s for all the same reasons. It was so comfy and effortless! And yes!!! All evidence can remain hidden!!!,happiness
It'll be difficult to do but leave him and take the kids with you.,happiness
"I'm so happy for you and so, so, so proud of you. It's HARD to talk to your doctor about this stuff.",happiness
Cake! Happy days!,happiness
"I love it! Guy in front can steer, can't propel. Guy in back can propel, but can't steer.",happiness
I did this a couple years back. Daily binged on Simpsons. So Good.,happiness
I like the fact that you like it a lot.,happiness
"Hahaha, FUCK.",sadness
You sick fuck it has heads and arms we cant eat that.,disgust
>where are all the good men >only looks at rich men M E M E. G E N D E R.,happiness
"Sorry, you're going to claim wanting to destroy Israel is completely fine? And the rabbi in question seems to be in bed with Holocaust deniers?",surprise
Yeah feel bad for people paying 200 to watch this crap. Better hockey watching my sons novice games.,anger
Who do you think can lead the Packers to where they need to be?,happiness
He might assume that most people are shoplifters like him and that you're a nuisance to society that he's exposing.,surprise
LPT: Make sure your chickens aren't pink anywhere by just chucking them in a 1000 oven.,happiness
"Im not saying I disagree, but its important to note that those are all defensive guys.",disgust
"Best person available on DL or OL, CB if the two positions mentioned do not justify the pick. Trade back if we miss on all 3. ",happiness
> Inflatable M'lady Guys I found my new flair.,happiness
This is my favorite wild memory.,happiness
Thanks for reminding me. I can find better burgers.,happiness
Get the packages sent to your work or a relatives or trusted friends home nearby ???? parcel locker ??,surprise
"Where are all the memes about tops ending up with another top? Cause trust me, it sucks just as much, if not more. ",anger
I also love Dallas Observer's Concert Calendar by day:.,happiness
Aye it's doing the rounds so I'm sure I'll see it today.,happiness
Thanks a lot.,happiness
Anybody wanna go on a picnic with me? Alpaca lunch.,happiness
I feel like I lost focus... I have not accomplished anything and the clock isn't really stopping.,anger
It was so frustrating seeing him overthrow people every week. I hope he makes that a point of focus this off-season.,anger
"Haven't played in forever, but [NAME] solo was my jam back in the day. Glad to hear damage tanks are still good.",happiness
Stupid plays after stupid fkin plays.,anger
*tomorrow Thank you for this.,happiness
"Damn I got a notif from a (very cute) friend saying ""no u"" on Discord right before I saw this.",anger
You really are this stupid arent you? Whatever buddy I dont argue spastics.,happiness
"Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.",happiness
Probably because unlike the far left there actually isn't a significant difference between the ideologies of the far right.,happiness
Thank [NAME] for RT Audiences scores! The **REAL** objective quality metric for kinos!,happiness
I was expecting a fun game about dolphins once upon a time...mistakes were made.,happiness
Its my birthday too! Ive always love it!,happiness
Easy on the Granville Island gatekeeping amigo. Its absolutely a tourist destination.,happiness
I love how there isn't a single legit trade in this thread.,happiness
"As a woman who drives a Jeep, I am not getting another one.",disgust
"This is from Punjab, India. Its a new dumb trend.",sadness
Their just mad because i love olicity and i think it's the best ship in the whole arrowverse. oh and because i think laurel is trash.,happiness
Have you tried taunting for 90 seconds straight?,fear
"I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.",happiness
Why did you post my autobiography.,anger
Bad defensive move by [NAME] there.,disgust
I know I am still going to frequent Argonaut and my other neighborhood family owned liquor store.,surprise
Damn. You sure showed me.,happiness
"I'm confused on the hov +2 part, does that mean that's price if you split the bill?",surprise
Please tell me your shop didn't get you in trouble for that D:.,happiness
"This... This is where my journey ends. I was not able to make it to the end, good luck future redditors! ",happiness
Thank you. I have been watching a lot of porn lately and jerking off more and i think that helps. How are you doing?,happiness
"[NAME] was useless, aside from bandaging [NAME] up a bit more than she already did and treating [NAME], name one decision [NAME] has made smartly. ",happiness
About fucking time ordering ASAP.,anger
You can be a good writer or arguer and be absolutely retarded.,happiness
My hoosband loves dee cee and I love San Diego because of the Gorilla enclosure And the Pandas.,happiness
If state showed any competence they would sue on behalf of the residents.,anger
"Indecisive person here, I promise I irritate myself with my indecisiveness more than anyone else.",anger
I switched the the Smok Novo and I like it. Close enough to the juul.,happiness
"Seriously? Thats so frustrating. It was [NAME] time to go, some of these fans are disgusting.",disgust
Look I'm not saying I don't understand your sentiment but we really ought to save this one for people openly advocating for genocide.,happiness
She sounds jealous of [NAME]. Sounds like shes never had a decent relationship so thats probably why shes sabotaging her daughters relationship.,anger
"... Oh dear gods, no...",sadness
Oh my gooooood.,surprise
How is this world politics?,surprise
Yes he is a hard worker for sure. Just wish he could get his shot back on track.,happiness
Reminds me of the Shell Gas Station Lego set my grandfather got me as a kid. 10/10 would build again.,surprise
> so much misinformation > No hazing or violence tolerated whatsoever Lmao wut.,anger
Now 8 in a week. smh.,anger
"Dont ever apologize for calling it that. The Beach is a [NAME] movie, not a Toronto neighbourhood. ",disgust
"True, but it is deceptive when dealing with c diff, it may give them a false sense of security.",anger
"This sub no longer has much in the way of standards, sadly.",sadness
Do whatever you want if/until you have kids. Just stay safe.,happiness
"The last time it happened I just said, ""No"" and closed the door.",disgust
This hurts to hear because we know it's true. There are 16 year olds who have experienced more than me.,happiness
YPG has carried out numerous attacks. Yet you seem to judge them on the few messed up things they have done.,anger
No. Screw him. It IS a demanding job. Physically and emotionally draining. You deserve a hot meal and a friggin hour or two to decompress.,anger
Sorry man. I didnt know you were on reddit. Didnt mean to steal your stuff! I totally would have tagged you.,sadness
"In that case, Im appalled. ",fear
Woah... I'm shortsighted and I can get 2 pairs of glasses for 149. $500 is insane!,happiness
Sure but that doesn't change the fact that he's probably not a neccbeard.,disgust
Now they are on 7. They are using a special stripped-down and heavily modified version of Windows 7 Professional.,surprise
Yeah yikes I have no idea what happened there .... :(.,surprise
Never thought of that. Now i dislike Heaven more than before.,sadness
"Good [NAME], what a waste of [NAME] time. Wait, is [NAME] a nutritionist?? WUT?",sadness
Thank you. I really appreciate the help.,happiness
I would think they probably couldnt take it if you tried.,disgust
Wasnt meant to be rude at all.. more like that everything is going to be alright soon.,happiness
This guy is such a douchebag.,anger
I wanna know about the sky being LCD! You ever hear the one about the [NAME] faking the return of [NAME]?,happiness
Is this a joke..?,surprise
Cuteee.,happiness
It kind of blew my mind to see that after reading some of the most generic advices in that post. Who the f* upvote these posts?,anger
"What pieces of gear are they? Thats my dream build. Like what gear combination for head, arms, chest, weapons, etc.",happiness
When I think about [NAME] and [NAME] at the same time I get a fucking aneurysm from the stupidity.,anger
Are 3% of [NAME] really vegan?? Thats fantastic!,happiness
"Holy shit, your therapist just (inadvertently) explained SO MUCH in my life, internet stranger.",anger
"This was pretty interesting. Creative, disturbing and very original. I honestly thought Hereditary was pretty bad, but I enjoyed this. Thanks for sharing.",happiness
"I like Simmonds, but I feel like he will command to highball price to pay for someone who will sit on the 3rd line.",happiness
I told my mum and an ambulance is coming now. Thanks everyone.,happiness
Well I mean this game is so stupid in a lot of ways tbh.,disgust
Could be to lead the police on the wrong trail to delay being caught.,disgust
Purple are lowkey great value properties.,happiness
Woah nice. Did you enjoy it or was it a completionist pain? I wish I could get into [NAME] but I just dont find the fun.,happiness
"I mean, I hope so. I bought his jersey, which would be embarrassing if he was out the league in two years.",sadness
I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.,fear
Trust your gut.,happiness
Nah see that's the kind of pessimism that makes you more depressed. Even if they're not genuine you can still take it to heart.,disgust
"Sometimes LOOOOOVE comes around And it knocks you down Just get back up when it knocks you down, knocks you down.",sadness
Ive had the impossible burger. I was actually amazed. Thorough review here looking forward to trying the beyond burger.,happiness
This is the most upbeat and pleasant I've ever seen someone whose been caught with multiple ounces of weed and ecstasy.,happiness
Stay strong. You are better off without them.,happiness
I'm sorry. I hope he takes the CTJ talk seriously. Fingers crossed for you!,anger
That one is pretty obvious.,happiness
Imagine the smell of burning those pages.,happiness
"Actually, I don't look a lot in the mirror so I can forget how ugly I am .",anger
We understand! This is a very common reaction to our study. I appreciate you suggesting it :).,happiness
Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.,happiness
"Ick! That makes me feel gross. I have ""Addison's Disease"". ",disgust
"""I'm not going to date him...I love him to death."" -[NAME] in the same sentence.",anger
"Thanks for this gootecks but unfortunately this sub is a bunch of casuals that won't appreciate it, I'll see you in the SF sub.",happiness
"Yah, I'm a bad girl. In fact I'm bad at everything.",happiness
Yeah I grew up watching them play in the sand unis. I like it more than the standard road gray.,happiness
> Sleeping next to someone I knew my wife is trying to kill me!,sadness
But was he wrong though?,surprise
I did the Karl's Corner VIP package and it was great. There was a mini Weezer museum and I met [NAME]! And saw [NAME] from afar.,happiness
Wow can relationships be like this? That's amazing.,happiness
Didn't he say [NAME] should cave and give [NAME] his wall money?,surprise
"I'm sorry Mom, your child has autism, or this is a lie.",surprise
Sending love! Feel free to update me on progress if it helps! illegitimi non carborundum!,happiness
"That's freedom of speech for you. We have to give even the assholes a chance to talk, because the alternatives are worse.",anger
The part about the size of the shit was unnessecary but appreciated.,happiness
[NAME] I hate plant thieves. Theyre almost certainly ppl who should know better.,disgust
"Ah alright, thanks for clearing that up.",happiness
Still saddened by the fact that we never got to see prime [NAME] vs prime [NAME].,sadness
Hell yeah. Happy they pulled it off together for their city. This is a great story in [NAME] eventual great career.,happiness
"Apologies, I should have been more specific. Where abouts is JD? ",sadness
One of the rare times I actually laugh out loud while browsing online.,happiness
Pretty cool.,happiness
"You made history, at least.",happiness
Funding was never the problem of Mass Effect. EA is. You're confirming their bad business strategy.,happiness
You must be new! it's TASM around these parts.,happiness
Hes oppressed! An innocent man is going to be killed!,sadness
"Maybe you should do some self reflection if you don't like it then, or seek a therapist.",surprise
Jeez I just did those for fun but good luck.,happiness
And KAT with 6. Weird game.,disgust
"Why do you want it to be the world's leader and savior, outta broken and needs some alone time. ",happiness
"It's a last resort when I forget my iPod, I swear.",surprise
Thanks ... its just to continue same and grow ,happiness
Looks like I found my wife's account.,surprise
I love this so much. Helpful and hilarious!,happiness
I thought Detroit or Oakland . . . and both have fantastic areas despite what pop culture might lead you to believe.,happiness
This guy is internet cancer.,happiness
"Wow, who can afford this one? ",surprise
You really should not group people with ones you have had bad experiences it will not help you grow.,disgust
"Thanks for explaining it to me! I did have an adaptor thing to connect to HDMI, I will double check tonight.",happiness
"Lucky the patient passed out, they wont feel any of it or hear anything you're saying!",happiness
Sports are fucking garbage. Basically just religion but with jerseys and beer in public.,disgust
"No, youll find her. Us childfree lesbians are out there. ",happiness
"Oh no you guys, I think I just Shattenkirked in my pants.",disgust
I was wishing the same!,happiness
Vox lies and manipulates information to drive their agenda. Same as right wing garbage. They are not an honest media outlet.,happiness
You are so right. Reddit response of reading only the first few words. It's been a long damn week. My apologies.,sadness
Things are much better then they were a few decades ago but were still shrinking.,happiness
[NAME] had them a few months ago. Friend bought some for her sick dog.,happiness
I loved my LCR. It made me feel like a police chief from the future.,happiness
A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.,anger
I dont know Lady [NAME] drag race has a nice ring to it LOL [NAME].,happiness
I will not being awkward if I am being myself but I just scared.,fear
I feel this in my soul.,happiness
Sad but exciting to see him in a place where he might perform well. Hopefully he stays injury free.,happiness
I actually feel assaulted by this video.,sadness
"Confirmed, word added to Oxford dictionary in 2022. Now to spread the word and get it into general circulation so that this can happen. [NAME].",happiness
"Ya primetime game, huge comeback and hardens sheer dominance pulling that team was amazing to watch.",happiness
Thanks!!,happiness
Is she worse than [NAME] though?,happiness
"Damn, [NAME] us just 2 steps behind all the time. It's just a matter of time before he gets some great shots in.",happiness
The game is pretty fun with items tho. Just obviously too random for esports.,happiness
I like it.,happiness
"That's weird, I thought we already had too many outfielders? edit: this was a joke.",disgust
"Let the liar lie, it's more fun to watch.",happiness
Would love it if [NAME] showed up as church lady and played a solo on it.,happiness
What is the protocol for those seeking asylum? Do they get a fast-track to refugee status if their asylum is granted?,surprise
Please let [NAME] live ,anger
What a bummer. He ded. I look at sky. Maybe bird make me happy.,happiness
This is exactly what happens when these fields are controlled by political ideology and not by a unbiased search of the truth.,anger
Lol this pregame about players sucking and getting sent down and then coming back up later and doing better. A giant message to our facebook fans.,happiness
"I like this sub, and I like you. You're alright. ",happiness
Damnnnn nice feed bro. That choke throw to the spin attack was on point.,happiness
">ageism Lol. Nobody's *discriminating against* these folks cuz they're teenagers. Settle it down, mate.",happiness
Ugh...terrible.,anger
Its sexual harassment because it was done with a sexual mindset. Its not that hard to understand.,anger
Going from [NAME] to [NAME] on the PP is like going from tenderloin to convenience store hotdogs.,anger
> husband probably came out blasting like the dude in the bathroom in pulp fiction Except this dude actually hit what he was shooting at.,happiness
The [NAME] camp is psycho. They're the same people that called [NAME] supporters deplorables.,anger
"Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it.",happiness
I predict one of them is going to be complete garbage and the other one gonna be competent with some critics calling it better than the original.,anger
I like it. I hope that answer is okay with you because I might lose sleep if it's not.,happiness
"I love [NAME], hes literally the craziest couch in the nba lol! He could win couch of the year or be fired next week! ",happiness
You must have a different definition of exciting. Ivan v Alyosha aka atheism vs [RELIGION] is very exciting.,happiness
Anyone have that mirror?,happiness
Was kind of wondering if he *could* read. Still supposing he had a speechwriter.,happiness
Because men are weak/stupid enough to let them.,anger
Practice your speech before hand. In your head and in the physical world. Then keep doing it until it no longer scares you.,happiness
"Good thing he throws like a 6 year old girl, otherwise this could've been serious. ",happiness
"I was wondering if it's Oxford, felt like I walked under that bridge.",surprise
I used to build a ramp and jump over other kids on my bike ala [NAME]... I was amazed at the time.,surprise
Thanks brother/sister. If I wasnt so poor Id gold you.,happiness
I literally didnt know that it was a interlocked I and U. Holy cow thats crazy.,happiness
That'll be a testical festival for sure. Have fun.,happiness
"And when the 4th Quarter needed it most, it vanished!",surprise
So long as we get the [NAME] from this season and not last season I'm happy.,happiness
"They were pretty cool in, like, 2010, but then everyone seemed to realize that you could write on the wipeboard with the same effect. ",surprise
People are very complicated.,surprise
"The shipping container are my friends, damnit.",anger
I feel like it's the 90s when everybody wanted to make a record label.,happiness
"Thanks for the advice, i appreciate it.",happiness
"Eeeee busted, I couldnt help myself hehe. ",happiness
"Of all the people in the world, I honestly can't believe that Reddit hates [NAME].",happiness
Am I the only one that still texts in complete sentences and at least attempts to spell the words correctly?,happiness
"Yeah, I always thought [NAME] would be an improved [NAME]. It's a damn shame we haven't thrown to him more often.",sadness
I'm in the opposite boat. Just make the nausea stop pls thx.,happiness
Yea this past season her outfits were horrid.,disgust
"As long as his other pics don't take himself too seriously, this is kind of funny.",happiness
"Welcome home, and welcome to the front lines!",happiness
This draft is one man deep tbh. Not getting Zion would be devastating and a waste of a whole year.,anger
I'm sad I had to come this far down to find this.,sadness
"I remember one guy on the show being labeled as ""[NAME] son"" so I""m not sure what that's about.",surprise
Ahhhh the good old anecdote.,happiness
Are you ghosting?,surprise
I love my state sometimes.,surprise
"Not much? Oh honey, it's everything! You two are beautiful! Congratulations!",happiness
It's a weird way of saying you don't want to see my penis.,disgust
Maybe the dog wasn't on a leash the last time...,happiness
Remember when the media ignored all of the horrible things [NAME] did? Including what he did to Syria?,fear
"I like to believe he faked his own death, so he can enjoy his many Bitcoin coins and wealth. ",happiness
"Pretty good, yourself? Edited - Saw the link, hahaha... How you doin? ;).",happiness
"Ok, but ignoring negative shit is literally how populists like [NAME] and [NAME] got elected. Its dangerous.",anger
"Doubt is an integral part of faith. Dont worry, it will help you in the long run.",happiness
They scammed you by wasting your time.,sadness
Some of us can't do syrup any more. :(.,sadness
You're taking her scale way too literally.,anger
Doesn't work for a newspaper. I was just laughing because I said to him that I could see that happening. Opened reddit and saw your post.,happiness
Thanks! That was an interesting read. Seems there really is a city where they built more homes than there were people to live there!,happiness
Love after lockup makes DOT posts look like the most sensible things ever!!!!,happiness
I got a good laugh at this one. I feel bad.,anger
"Pregnancy test. No matter how old I am, I am still embarrassed. ",sadness
If that pleases you then great but it means nothing to me. I just use it and ill see it properly in game.,happiness
"I thought that too, but I was wrong. And I know that full health is 170.",disgust
"""Man is still the most extraordinary machine of all...And women are even cooler"" - [NAME].",happiness
Fun fact: 3 is both my favorite number and my lucky number!,happiness
I'm glad you made a Reddit account to inform us how much you totes don't care bro.,happiness
"Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.",happiness
IDK about this stuff but I think you need a psychologist.,surprise
I am retarded.,anger
FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.,happiness
He was credited in commentaries as the inspiration for Cletus. I always loved the way he just wants that dog.,happiness
A good everyday dua would be including me in your prayers.,happiness
"Which is odd, he was terrible on Sunday.",happiness
A lot of girls who are hot don't want to date someone who can be more attractive than they are.,happiness
Cant see him doing well in the premier league tbh. Wouldnt be surprised if he ends up wishing he stayed at Dortmund.,happiness
I like [NAME] but I'm gonna have to go with [NAME].,happiness
[NAME] is such a pretty lady. I'm jealous of those huge eyes!,happiness
Thank you for educating me. Lol.,happiness
YES!!!!,happiness
Thank you for telling me !,happiness
She did you a favor by not dragging it out. Cut bait and move on.,happiness
I kinda like the swirlies in the hair. But then I saw that her eyebrow is actually just the hair and hated it.,disgust
"Having read the entire article, and some of the other FAQ, the only thing this is telling is that [NAME] read the same book very differently.",happiness
Thats not true at all. I play on xbox and you cant Loot teammates you or any squad mates kill.,disgust
"I can deal with pupper and doggo in moderation but heckin, hooman, fren all make me irrationally angry.",disgust
I feel you! Sending love and support.,happiness
"You know I never thought I'd celebrate someone's death, but once she goes I'm going to have to try very hard to not enjoy it...",fear
Everything. Everything is wrong with being hypocritical.,surprise
You got this bro!!!!,happiness
"I hope it all works out for you and your baby girl, its hard doing it alone but itll be worth it for her. :).",happiness
"No, theres a ton of people like you in this thread who dont seem to understand that head glitching does not equal taking cover.",disgust
Must be nice.,happiness
"Yeah, the only issue with the scene is how long the dance scene goes. ",anger
We still have this?!!!!!!!! What?!,happiness
That's...kinda...why...i...used...the....phrase.,happiness
And she will try so be careful op.,happiness
Starting 2019 with a bang......of death.....,sadness
Now I cant unhear it...,disgust
Our knight in shining armor. I'll miss those high socks.,sadness
>This weird exploding ice [NAME] I haven't seen before? Wow. I... that's some ick right there.,happiness
We definitely don't need more people on this overcrowded planet.,disgust
I like that idea.,happiness
Stay still the best and most timely advice youll ever get.,happiness
[NAME] is a fine woman leave her out of this.,happiness
Thought this was about signing brown. Op is an attention whore.,happiness
Why did I read roommate in the title as comerade. How many memes have I viewed?!,surprise
[NAME] stated that Ethtrader polls will be used for important community decisions. So I can see people trying to buy influence through Donuts in these decisions.,happiness
I remember that feeling.,surprise
I told him I left cause he couldnt do this with me or for me.,happiness
"Can't let it get to you. You tried, got rejected, so move on.. Believe me I know it's discouraging but everyone gets rejected. ",happiness
AKA free to those who can afford it.,happiness
I am just like this! Glad to know Im not imagining it.,happiness
Praying this goes to at least 4. I like both the players but would really like to see [NAME] play to his max GS potential.,happiness
[NAME] is a comedic goldmine. I don't blame comedians for milking the idiot.,surprise
Saves me going out to buy toilet paper today.,happiness
None of the movies deserve it and honestly the oscars are a sham at this point.,disgust
That's a juicy offer. Pity if it goes sour.,happiness
"I just want to point at that yes, fuck [NAME], yes he's subhuman, but that tattoo is not of [NAME]. lol.",happiness
"Its so hard to be a mommy! Chasing kiddos. Work, work, work!!! ",sadness
"Well unless you have an audio recording, people are gonna struggle to diagnose it for you any further Im sorry. ",sadness
Thanks for the breakdown [NAME].,happiness
"Dear [NAME], Its time for the next flood. Thanks.",happiness
Oh you mean the time when the world was controlled by individual land owners who created their own states.,happiness
"Gee, thanks for waking up after being told for over a decade.",happiness
What's the name of the artist that featured him? Can't remember it.,happiness
Don't make me run! I'm full of chocolate!,fear
"At least it isn't your living room.... hey, wait a minute!",surprise
There's definitely something sovcit going on here.,happiness
I would love to be woken up by that.,happiness
Whah we got a badass over here xD.,happiness
"I'll kill you if you do that again, *honey*.",anger
"I saw this to, thanks tho :) it helps but not as much as I'd like.",happiness
Hey! Thats my name!,happiness
Or maybe it was because the government can't collect the tax on it.,happiness
Yea the flash fan combos purpose is literally for killing one person. Idk what hes talking about. Lmao.,surprise
"You pushed too hard for her to give it up first date damn. She was all good for date 2, dont fuck that up lmao.",anger
Are you afraid of [NAME]?,happiness
Being born in north america is a curse my friend. Oregon (my home) is kind of like Ireland weather wise though I hear.,anger
"Nope, but is that a thing people who talk about digestive enzymes over lunch breaks should do? ",happiness
So when I say the eagles just won a chip what would that insinuate.. not everybody has the same terminology sorry if you view my perception wrong.,happiness
Ahhh thank you! This is only my second scripted video. The rest are just me babbling into the mic about art.,happiness
"Damn, thanks for the source!",happiness
You make soap? That's awesome.,happiness
Showering with someone feels more intimate than sex for me...and I don't like it.,sadness
"Mate you're only 20, you'll laugh at how ridiculous what you said is when you're older. ",happiness
Omg I love it.,happiness
This is the most early 2000s thing ever. I love it.,happiness
Yeah its too bad that there was someone at a university who wanted to research this and he got shut down.,sadness
Okay this is really promising stuff. I'm definitely excited for this.,happiness
Happy cake day.,happiness
And then a glorious sports-free summer until football camp opens in August!,happiness
"His performance this weekend reminded me of when [NAME] came into the LCS, he would solo kill every single lane.",happiness
Is this the correct way to dislodge a train? It seems reckless.,happiness
"Man a 29 year old broner can't beat a 40 year old pressure fighter, broner sucks ",anger
BUT WHY IS THE FELLOW HUMAN SHOUTING?,anger
Congrats on the IP shadowban my dude.,happiness
Oh [NAME]... now youre stealing my lines.,surprise
Thanks. I think she isn't; but I hope she will be happy one day too.,happiness
This shit ain't rocket science GateKeeper.,anger
But I love solids.,happiness
Thank you for the specifics! Really helpful. Glad youve found such a good mix for you.,happiness
You are an awesome partner.,happiness
Is that why I didn't like the show? Am I too happy?,surprise
But the alt right love him! /s.,happiness
Better love big snowflake hearts!,happiness
"Laughing at ""indoctrinated by traditional values"". Good luck in life.",happiness
Same. All other map on OG with SSD were fine. [NAME] drops and it's terrible.,disgust
That's an unexpected pair of fighters.,surprise
Too bad such a scumbag of an organization gets to host the AFC championship game. NFL is thankful it isnt the Chargers tho.,anger
Never worked on my babies. So disappointing.,sadness
I don't live there just have family there.,disgust
"Interesting, no denial about being an unwelcome individual. If my suspensions are public knowledge then prove it. ",happiness
"So sorry, for your loss.",sadness
Girls are different. That's a basic fact. I would never crack the same type of jokes I do with my guy friends with a girl.,happiness
I loved coming across this today! Nice work!!,happiness
But what did he druer? Sorry. (Im not sorry).,sadness
"I'd need [NAME] help for sure, because America has made it nigh impossible for its citizens to emigrate there.",anger
All hail valve I guess?,surprise
Somebody reverse this please I would be so happy.,happiness
"Damn, I want some! ",happiness
Did he actually knock himself out?!,happiness
A guy that size could very easily kill a petite woman with a direct punch.,fear
"Nah, i know enough.",disgust
More or less putting it humorstically. He is shown walking only time. The resta nd there is plenty of it is him teleporting.,happiness
"Fuck that, take some actual gold, bruh.",happiness
I can't tell you how happy I am that [NAME] and [NAME] are Polynesian Sauce guys.,happiness
Aww man. And I just came up with a great shitpost I mean idea....,happiness
Ooof. I have a hard time trusting asexuals who declare this information mid elationship.,anger
I did twist my ankle trying to play that on DDR.,sadness
"All they see is EA bad, this whole sub is coming full circle jerk now.",happiness
Good stuff [NAME].,happiness
Another strange signing. [NAME] seems great at spotting backup players. 20 odd signings and probably 4 have been decent?,happiness
Keep going man. Ive been enjoying reading your posts. All the best!,happiness
"Yep. Two actually. Both older. Brother undiagnosed, sister diagnosed. Its been a hellish nightmare... ",happiness
I do: PUT SOME CLOTHES ON.,happiness
Read divorce busting and kill all marriage counselors. As much as it sucks...youve been given a gift by him giving you time.,anger
Funny how you're implying he'd even have a chance against [NAME].,happiness
You used the correct term. Good job.,happiness
Thank you - that strikes me as the basics of what's going on here.,happiness
It's free hand but thanks for the input ,happiness
What? Can anyone fill me in Im confused lol.,surprise
Something Is wrong with your account then. The auctions I win get plastered all over my email and app notifications.,surprise
"As a personal agent of entropy in this world: Damn, what laptop do you use?",sadness
I make my cows super stronk.,happiness
That mustache looks like it smells.,disgust
I'm 24 and still live at home.,surprise
This sum GTA 5 type shit right here.,happiness
The barriers in large only exist with respect to Canadian oil. Other producers (with the exclusion of Venezuela ) seem to be enjoying a very profitable time.,happiness
It gave me a laugh. xD.,happiness
Shes beautiful! ,happiness
"To quote [NAME], ""What an eyesore!"" ",happiness
"I cannot remember the dude's name, but I used to LOVE to watch him on Poker After Dark.",disgust
It is like how I imagine [NAME] and [NAME] people seeing wooden ships across the water the first time.,happiness
I'd be down with the big baller himself.,happiness
"Spoiler alert, it's terrifying and depressiong.",fear
Yow thats gnarly.,fear
It isnt lol just saw a string of comments like this. Probably isnt him though.,happiness
I'm 35 was married for 10 years and now I'm not and I am so happy to be alone.,happiness
I liked [NAME] updated I thought this was a teaching hospital!,happiness
Well thee are some things we know are coming next patch. Like improvements for the bipod.,happiness
"I forgot context and thought you meant the band was republican, please dont worry me like this again ",sadness
"Orange man bad ----- > Treason is bad ergo, Orange man is treason.",disgust
Im so jealous.,anger
I don't think that's how it works chief.,surprise
Why should I care what he thinks?,anger
Doesnt QCX work with them ?,happiness
It doesn't. It really doesn't. I just had a 2nd one a few weeks ago.,disgust
It's ephemeral. It deteriorates in quality from the second you finish pouring. It isn't going to be framed. Enjoy the moment.,happiness
"I dunno, you commit one little genocide and you never hear the fucking end of it.",sadness
[NAME] is scared out there. Didnt want the ball.,fear
Ive always wanted someone to tell me how beautiful my protein powder looks.,happiness
"Money cant buy happiness, but it can make getting there a hell of a lot easier.",happiness
I'm not going out of my way to watch it but I might channel flip.,anger
"Got one, it's still bad dude.",sadness
"She actually survived the incident, I dont know if anyone has the article.",happiness
But platonic cuddling is comfy (after making sure the consent stuff is a ok for all parties).,happiness
Congrats on the sex.,happiness
[NAME] bless them and their racist logo.,happiness
"To be fair, Im not slaughtering my own food ",happiness
"I never thought about that last part - how cool! He is lucky to have you for an owner, you seem very caring!",happiness
"That and hoping the cultists on trumps side can give them enough time to get out before it all goes down in flames, your country that is.",surprise
"Spaceballs the suit case nuke, the kids love this one.",happiness
It was less painful than a bee sting! I felt so silly afterwards!,sadness
"Yep, all the mentally light-lifting folks will flock to that instead of her cautiously pushed out 70% tax rate.",happiness
What did he say?,surprise
"Speech should be illegal if it is an incitement to violence or a call to commit crime. Everything else, however repulsive it might be, must be legal ",disgust
You sure seem angry. #itwillbeokay.,anger
"Congrats! Enjoy a free slice, I think you know what to do with this ",happiness
Cool story bro!,happiness
"Firm, but gentle. Baby hamsters or live goldfish. Soft female hands caressing my balls is a wonderful feeling. ",happiness
*All I want is to be left alone* *In my average home* *But why do I always feel* *Like I'm in the Twilight Zone?*.,sadness
We could be internet buddies!!,happiness
That was fun.,happiness
They were my favorites. Players apparently hated them though.,happiness
I want my fucking cake back.,anger
You guys actually look really similar to me besides the hair/beard. But that's not a bad thing!,surprise
"Thank you for that link, ended up finally having a nice quote to make as a flair.",happiness
It's the hard R that'll get you in trouble.,fear
This is it thank you so much.,happiness
Do you make a point of letting everyone know you dont believe in [NAME] every time you see a religious reference? Or just this one?,surprise
I can imagine this becoming a thing if Rare/Lego can team up.,happiness
"Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo ",sadness
No I didn't take it that way. My apologies if my comment appeared to be taking a shot at you.,sadness
"Thank you much! At least it's just hair, it'll be back.",happiness
What would that do? So youre saying Im 100% gonna be diabetic.,happiness
"I know, I know. I wish Reptile had a better fate. ",happiness
Looking for 3 tix for the Leafs on the 10th. Upper or lower. Thanks!,happiness
"Just declare war earlier so you are on time, it's that easy.",happiness
"Thank you! When I have more, I'll post it.",happiness
"I'd give them a first, but they have to retain salary. You know they'll just destroy that first round pick too.",anger
Looks weirdly fake Edit: turns out its real.,surprise
>Some very special moments are coming...,happiness
Oh hell yeah.,anger
"Glad to see you were able to get this worked out, thx for the update! ",happiness
Im finishing that right now. Very fascinating.,happiness
Ha ha LOL guys aren't we so QuIrKyyyy.,happiness
Thank you. Im glad the club acted responsibly.,happiness
His mom was a handsome woman!,happiness
She's absolutely stunning in that photo.,happiness
"I dont currently have a cool [NAME], but my two best work girlfriends are *both* married to [NAME], so. ",happiness
It's just projection..they can't take a joke so they think no one else can either.,surprise
So upset by the email lady after all these years. Get help.,sadness
Glad she reads the comments of every [NAME] Facebook post ever.,happiness
Wow those latkes look even worse than I thought they would.,happiness
Absolutely same.,happiness
It's really odd. My friend's search results are still normal but mine aren't.,anger
"This. faster, same pedaling but way less effort involved.",happiness
"It's spelled HIPAA, not HIPPA. It also doesn't do what you think, and at best it's the ADA that discourages employers from asking.",sadness
Whats that extra B for?,surprise
"Sadly, Im younger. 15.",sadness
Thank you. Should I ask them to see the report I gave to the cop so that I dont mess something up?,happiness
You were in a movie once!,surprise
Not sure about better but women artists have an intuitive grasp of color theory and tend to use color in a more pleasing way.,happiness
That would be perfect! Wish I had that.,happiness
Thank you for explaining:).,happiness
Omg where did you get this?,happiness
I enjoy living the lie. I do it everyday.,sadness
Easy: hes completely unrepresentative of Colorado and really bad at his job.,sadness
"Well, I could already do that. But glad to have BCH as a pathway.",happiness
I just actually listed it for trade haha. I cant use paypal unfortunately as Im under 18.,happiness
Something being blatant doesn't mean another action isn't as blatant.,surprise
The best thing to come out of this result and todays other games is that 6 point buffer to 5th.,happiness
"No offense but you have no idea what youre talking about. Maybe you like neurotic, needy men, but the general populace does not.",anger
"Wow, you sure got me ",happiness
We're all [NAME] fans in our hearts.,happiness
Does anyone know where it came from? I like it lol Shaq was big cactus.,happiness
This is the best quote I have ever read on reddit.,happiness
My nightmare is having an iphone.,happiness
I blurred the names of the others it's about [NAME] being [NAME] ,anger
"That has to be an understatement, I know several myself.",sadness
"Meh, the Chiefs got gifted a PI call or two, especially on their last drive to tie the game.",happiness
"I love [NAME], but this sounds like hes claiming signing a 26 year old superstar is stupid. Come on.",anger
It was a very clear shot of his face and it would have been weird to post.,disgust
I love this.,happiness
She probably knows but is ignoring it. Lol.,happiness
I regret that I have but one downvote to give.,disgust
Hey didnt say being fat and short is bad.,disgust
Yeah this whole thread is gross. Calling a little kid trashy or misogynistic or sexualized for liking to play dress up is just creepy and weird.,disgust
I think its cool because its a hybrid that comes in stickshift.,surprise
She looks like a televangelist.,happiness
Are 3.0 still active? I was really hoping they would have gotten signed after their tryout camp a couple years back.,happiness
"I will, Thank you!!",happiness
This is awesome!,happiness
No youre a cunt.,anger
I'm enjoying the witty comments but anyone want to throw in some analysis?,happiness
Yeah this is downright spooky; she's not even using that face mask.,disgust
[NAME] beat the Bears last season lol.,happiness
There were rumors for a long time to work out and I ended up making it smaller.,sadness
You know damn well it is.,surprise
This dog is so cute.,happiness
"Oh joy, now my life is complete  Anything that ends in an -asm should be avoided like the plague. ",fear
Remember when he scored 4 tries in a game? that was cool.,happiness
Dont forget [NAME]. He was a reliever converted to starter. Hes got some ridiculous pitches just needs to work on consistancy.,anger
Ouch. Rough year for the jags. Where upstate are you?,happiness
"If this team could make there wide open shots, we could win some games. Its unbelievable how many open shots we miss. ",happiness
Same tbh hahahaha.,happiness
People are disgusting and insane.,disgust
I never had that problem.,happiness
Shawty whats wrong with you. I want those people dead.,happiness
This is the correct answer. I've seen more stupid memes about this show before I'd even seen it.,happiness
Great tag :).,happiness
"I think they honestly don't realize they're self-contradictory. It's not your ordinary, everyday doublethink...",surprise
"Could he possibly have borderline personality disorder? The push-pull/dont leave me, please go away vibe makes me think of that disorder. ",surprise
Alot of friends and family make that or less. It's pretty crazy.,happiness
It's hard to care about a woman dying from giving birth when you hate women in the first place.,disgust
> this teams been appalling for a month now They're 7-7 in the past 30 days.,fear
This hurts my brain.,fear
"Thank you. I've been correcting the record for triggered authoritarians for a minute! ""Mah taxes""",happiness
"Cant believe the problem was this. Thx mate, its solved!",disgust
I believe he means he was a very pretty child to become otherwise after puberty...,happiness
Some great advice right here!!!!!! I forgot about this.,happiness
He's mainly on Twitch now. Before I unfollowed him some time ago he did some YT content from time to time.,happiness
Interesting metaphor/premise for sure but they just didnt know how to put it into a compelling story IMO.,happiness
"Wrong sub, mane.",disgust
I'm so bad playing solo! I guess I need people to help me improve.,disgust
Its not significant enough to be a bad move lol. Its a push. Spalding is nothing.,happiness
"Man, never underestimate the power of a crock pot, some frozen chicken, veggies and cottage cheese.",happiness
"[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME] ",happiness
Does it have to be a pharmacy Ive went to?,happiness
The [NAME] finger wag was sexy as hell.,happiness
Hahaha the build up is hilarious and the ending is the best. They really think he is badass.,happiness
As a society we should be ashamed of the fact that this is even a question. Let the suffering stop obviously.,sadness
"Yeah, i believe thats the only moving part in the whole device.",surprise
I think it's a r/fuckyoukaren joke.,happiness
Yes you should tell them and report him to the police for dating someone underage and giving her cigarettes.,sadness
"Wait, what. Are you okay son? I'm here to talk. ",happiness
And the super rich are still miserable.,sadness
Gangs shooting each other on the streets is not the same as a crazy person going into a school and kill a bunch of innocent kids with an assault rifle.,disgust
"I think, call before you come and limit it to an hour is reasonable if you have relatives that need to be told that. ",anger
"Lmao im am using ALL of this money to pay my student loans! and starting with a $100 again, see if ill do it again :).",happiness
"Im down for destruction at anytime. Destruction is my best friend! But hope you feel better, heart breaks do indeed suck. ",disgust
I also love this one.,happiness
Im actually suprised they all didnt follow him and now they all have to repeat junior year.,surprise
"It that where the phrase ""what a kroc"" came from?",happiness
"Out of curiosity, what will he be working on and how is it different from your role?",surprise
Right :-) The rookie was so scared to show his hand and he thought his two pairs werent good and thought he had lost.,happiness
I think you have a fundamental misunderstanding of biology ...,surprise
"OHHHH, I like where Richmond is going with that.",happiness
This should be the norm instead of the exception. Sadly the leaders in law enforcement are almost always more into politics than principles.,disgust
True enough. I'd love more LGBT friendly horror.,happiness
"Most people don't know the first thing about [NAME], so unsurprising.",anger
Interesting I wasn't aware of this. Maybe proving the undue hardship is difficult but technically allowed? I wonder what counts.,surprise
Exactly. So many people live here because they love public transit. It is an ammenity. NJ is not trying to make a profit from the PATH.,happiness
I want to know if he was ever with [NAME]. We needed more [NAME].,happiness
"They mean wholesome, not nice.",happiness
I try I do but I retreat to my bed every time because I cant handle it.,sadness
Wow that was ...mind blowing.,happiness
(#1)Just love him/her (#2) Be forgiving.,happiness
"I'll look into it, thank you! :).",happiness
"This made me laugh, have an upvote good sir ",happiness
It's so focused on the presenter and he is so unengaging it's painful.,anger
I know! I love it..... this is who we really are!,happiness
Sadly this is not a new issue for Ukraine. Please take a moment to remember Babi Yar :(.,sadness
And yet nobody bat an eyelid when it was [NAME] who was palling around with [NAME]. I wonder why.,surprise
This seems like something that would be hilarious as a parody.,happiness
If you know anything about those sources then either you understand the dismissal or we aren't going to agree.,disgust
They'd probably need to take nutrients by IV until their organs are working normally again. But yes it should be possible to save a starving person.,surprise
"The name he asked if I was, was some foreign name. It was so far off from my actual name I thought it was a joke at first ",surprise
"Ah, it does me heart good to see NIMBYs in the wild.",happiness
I don't think you can find a better support line in contenders than alarm and elk. absolutely insane and clutch it's unbelievable.,surprise
Considering most people voted for their candidate purely out of hate for the other candidate does that even matter?,happiness
"As someone who has been in a similar relationship, it is indeed emotional abuse.",sadness
"Hey man it's all good, I'm glad I can relate to someone as well!",happiness
"Let's say for a moment that this was true. How does that get us the truth more often, and more reliably, than science?",surprise
"Sir the fuck down. This is an intervention, we need to talk.",anger
Correct them. Its best to let them know the real you right from the beginning rather than later.,happiness
"Lol, the delusion is strong.",happiness
Nobody has been banned lol.,anger
"Any agreement we will come to will be exploitive because of the power differential, apparently.",disgust
"Fucking melb transport. I knew it would go to shit today because of the heat wave, and it did. the only bad thing about this city.",anger
I know he lives in Texas and I have his phone number and things like his name and age but nothing else really.,happiness
Thank you for your advice! I couldnt agree more.,happiness
"Surely you've read this sub's rules. Come on, man.",happiness
Thanks I was wondering what the sparks from his head were about.,happiness
I joined a club and that's how I made friends. Try joining a club.,happiness
"Just make a better game looool 4Head You shouldn't worry about valve stop working on artifact, at least for a year.",happiness
Omg what simple brilliance. The nbme is a waste of time!? Genius!,happiness
Happy to- good luck!,happiness
That's gonna be the upvote party of the year.,happiness
"How could I not? These actors...I love them. Their faces give me joy, hope. ",happiness
Nice mix of trashy and classy.,happiness
This was beautifully written.,happiness
I thought [NAME] was secretly gay to these people or something?,surprise
You sound scared.,fear
"Idk I feel like it's just an exaggeration, English is a hyperbolic language.",surprise
You are so stunning! A very classic beauty.,happiness
"I know you cant read this, but I feel really bad and hope you learn to read soon ",sadness
Omg this is too good.,happiness
That was so fun!! ,happiness
"You are a human, because of off-by-one error*. THIS IS A GOOD ~~BOT~~ FELLOW HUMAN.",happiness
"Sorry, I meant let them know outside of class.",sadness
I need to shower after reading this.,happiness
User name says you are a scumbag [NAME]. Im confused.,surprise
I really love that this sub has it's own little culture.,happiness
A partner of mine made it -- it's just about my favorite meme ever.,happiness
Awesome! Thanks! I'll start the process tomorrow!,happiness
He didnt miss that.,surprise
Ohio is weird.,anger
I'm at a fighting game tournament and loving every minute of it.,happiness
"Thank you, I need it. I am currently trying to learn French, would that help ?",happiness
"I know, right? Our genocidal hatred should be targeted towards [NAME], where it belongs!",happiness
"We are by far the greatest team the world has ever seen, we are just having a rough patch.",happiness
This is very accurately funny and sad. ,happiness
I dont give a flaming fart about averages. most people have no taste in comedy.,sadness
Please never let this die.,happiness
WHAT!? *I thought you were a local!?*.,surprise
I was scrolling through and thought who is [NAME]... for a minute before I remembered. It was the best 10-20 seconds of my life lol.,happiness
"I mean, those are all true for people that aren't pregnant too aside from the swelling.",happiness
Sonic boom is funny as hell. I love the writing so much.,happiness
"Huh... interesting. Man, russia sure is pressing its borders out. Almost like it's looking for operating bases.",happiness
Its a terrible thing when someone who doesnt let themselves laugh has a reddit account.,sadness
1 is spot on. Anxiety completely disappears. I like when that happens. One less issue.,happiness
Spermatozoid is wrong someone with 31Q would have bigger problems than knowing how to write sperm Did you meanS this is beatiful.,surprise
Thanks for the quick reply I am very bored. what anime do you like?,happiness
I love the DC movies :(.,happiness
Praying for you. Willing to chat if you need it.,happiness
"I couldn't get my wife on board. She insists on eating a ""real dinner"".",sadness
Was that before or after the Sulphuric Sphincter show?,surprise
Fun fact: [NAME] decided to delete an entire string of comments after mine because they made him look like more of a man-child than he already is ;).,happiness
That is not a side swipe. That's a full on t-bone. But I hope they all made it through somehow.,happiness
"To be fair, spinners are supposed to be very small pornstars, not BBW like trump.",happiness
This is so wildly specific I love it.,happiness
This story made my day. Ha!,happiness
Some pretty dark shit man.,happiness
He's been around forever but apparently none of y'all have RES.,sadness
None of these people ever seem to have run their own business.,anger
"That's totally my focus for today, just enjoy the day and being there for myself :) it's so liberating.",happiness
Duck fuck goose.,anger
I fucking love this.,happiness
Thanks friend lol.,happiness
Oy vey! Shut it down!,disgust
This is on a video about electric guitars what the fuck?,anger
THERE IS NO LEFT PHILANGE.,disgust
"The problem they have is... They ""knew"" [NAME] would win.",happiness
You're the best !,happiness
"I should have said without nuts in hindsight, but this woman was ready to kill. Gotta love hospitality sometimes.",surprise
Please dont bring a woman in as a sex toy for you both. hire a sex worker instead.,happiness
Now to get a new husband!,happiness
Weve got the terrorists screaming [NAME] while commiting terror acts to thank for that.,fear
Wow I didn't know it changed your face so it doesn't break rule 1 and 2? /s.,happiness
"You are not stupid, just overthinking, it will get lost in countless other posts and in the future it won't matter, good luck.",happiness
Im sorry.,sadness
I had a friend ask me what kind of sweats do you have a good week.,happiness
I'd be able to give you more helpful advice if you could be a little more clear with your situation and what you're asking.,happiness
[NAME] said it best. Un-fuckin-believable bro.,anger
Whatever dude dong worry about it... itll get handled.,sadness
I love how you worded this comment. It's like a proverb.,happiness
I have 1200 hours and the highest ive ever been was silver elite. I should probably quit this game.,happiness
LOL where did you hear that?!,happiness
"Most police departments have something similar, and it's the name.of the big LEO sub.",happiness
We're ok buddy!,happiness
How poignant.,surprise
Just for recreational use? Glad you are having a change of mind though.,happiness
Long arm is an amazing ganking tool (one of the best) with many possible one-shot ganks.,happiness
"For those interested, Three Arrows has a great video debunking the ""[NAME] were leftists"" lie.",happiness
So those 2am cravings are really just my instincts keeping me alive.,happiness
I can tell you thought this damp squib was an absolute dinger.,surprise
Thanks  ice skating is also one of my favourite non-food fun things to do ,happiness
Loooool I didnt know that its ridiculous.,happiness
Deforestation - The brilliance of this idea wont be obvious until the green mold starts to blossom on the bread. /s.,happiness
Nobody would flop like that in practice.,sadness
"Also, [NAME] growl/yelling/screaming at [NAME] in the sumo suit on beach day. ",anger
Haha didnt even notice. Its staying.,happiness
Ur mom causes a 2.6 just getting out of bed in the morning amirite?,surprise
Still a bit of redesign & this would look much better.,happiness
"Are they clean, though? the chlorine keeps it clean, to my understanding.",happiness
17 my boy. Best league minimum contract out there right now.,happiness
Interesting. Can you give some examples?,happiness
How could they forget the gravy?,sadness
I wish to find my best one.,happiness
This is so cute and wholesome? How is this terrible.,fear
"I mean just let it go and assume things arent going to work out. Drop it, so to speak.",disgust
"You dont know what would happen if you lost weight, so why dont you focus solely on that step first.",happiness
Is this [NAME] comics? His Simpsons stuff is great.,happiness
This is the hardest I laughed in weeks.,happiness
It was an edit friend - they are the same kid. No children were hurt in the making of this gif.,surprise
Am love u.,happiness
Its an 05 and we dont know when the battery was last repacked lol.,happiness
In my day I had to wait 20 minutes for the internet to load a single porn pic. But man I miss that dial up sound.,happiness
Ah I didnt think of that second definition of end. I like it!,happiness
I will have one of each please. Not just far left and right. All. Any doubles you might have as well. Thanks byeee.,happiness
"If something doesnt affect me, its not important.",happiness
"I really only do this after a while if awkward silence, which may make it even more awkward tbh.",sadness
I am getting a lot of weird replies...,anger
DoorDash will refund you if you didnt receive it. Just contact their support.,happiness
Hes actually a ghost. He died of that flu and his ghost is still cursed with the symptoms to this day.,happiness
I never knew that existed. I'm bloody dying right now ,happiness
"Thanks, I appreciate that. It's about what I expected though. Sadly, I'm used to it.",happiness
Thank you so much.,happiness
That lady is experiencing pure joy.,happiness
Does it contain like 5 members like the real one? lol.,happiness
>Let's see with all the player turnover he managed to go 8-4 [NAME] still had NFL Caliber players on those Penn State team.,happiness
"Such a great thing to hear. Setting aside my very immense distaste for SA, this really just makes me happy. I love our country.",happiness
Unfortunately for us its not too early. But if you want way too early 2020 draft discussion Im really high on [NAME] from Wisconsin.,anger
Wtf i hate [NAME] now.,anger
Sorry he was a United director when he bought it.,sadness
Love love love this. so happy for the both of you.,happiness
I wish the double down would leave *me* out of this! My poor stomach. Once was enough.,happiness
"You're already watching the world crash and burn, buddy. The progress toward human extinction is irreversible now. Your tormented heart can rest easy.",anger
"Wow this seems like a huge s -   . , s s ",happiness
My favorite!,happiness
Yep. There are some good things hidden in amongst the bad. It would be disingenuous to claim otherwise.,sadness
I keep telling everyone to watch it. It's such a fun movie and the directing is great.,happiness
Good news is his fall was cushioned by [NAME] soft hairy body.,happiness
I would love to know why you think it's awful advice!,happiness
Chinese is awesome. Best of luck to your endeavors and med school. Hope to see you in r/Universityofhouston in the future ;).,happiness
Getting back [NAME] would be nice. He's kind of like [NAME].,happiness
I thought he was a candidate as a [NAME] when [NAME] left. What happened to that.,surprise
"I feel I should do this even after living here for 7 years, I've barely done any touristy things! Shame on me.",happiness
"Did you guys hear about the Pacers quiet start? Yeah, that's done, now.",surprise
Thanks for posting this! And happy cake day!,happiness
"Exhibit A, lol.",happiness
Etiquette Try to keep a positive attitude.,happiness
I really miss AG.,sadness
This is so true.,happiness
"Yep, minimizing massively.",happiness
Great documentary on that: Grandmas Boy.,happiness
I'm sorry for your loss. Also send a Mass card.,happiness
"Even while [NAME] in a America are discriminated against, they still have such warm hearts. [NAME] Bless them (my [NAME], and theirs).",happiness
Were a second half team. We got this. COYG!!,happiness
The scorpion one on the swing set looked so bad. I think I heard her back break/crack.,disgust
"Perhaps not a mainline souls game, but you can't deny the similarities to Soulsborne games. It's basically an iteration on the formula. ",disgust
"What game do you think that is ? Because that'd be Tetris or Minecraft my dude, not your teenage greasy neckbeard crap. Sorry.",happiness
"Because the Wizards play much much better without [NAME], thats why, they have won their last 3 games, all against playoff teams.",happiness
Was feeling victimized that it was very cold in my apartment. Windows are drafty af!!!!,fear
You sure showed him buddy.,happiness
Just life.. I feel like i'm just a parasite that should be removed.,sadness
Thank you! It will help a lot.,happiness
"Nah, according to OPs limited post history, he's a pedophile. ",anger
"I love it when ""bad"" picks actually have fucking amazing ganks.",happiness
And how the fuck isnt the man dead and there is a freaking rock 10 times bigger than him.,anger
I think [NAME] did such a classy exit! Hopefully people dont give her too much hate. She comes from a good place.,happiness
Rainy weather must have gotten them... no idea. But i've never seen a dead hummingbird and saw 2 within 5 feet of each other :(.,sadness
I'd say that the vast majority of the population is and was rightly looked on as horrific. Christmas music makes me feel like a real [NAME].,fear
"Thanks for saying this eloquently, I'm always a little put off by some of the man hating comments that pop up here occasionally.",anger
"Exactly, humans are selfish. That was kinda my point, my reasons are superficial and only affect me. Theirs are not. ",anger
"Thank you, that makes me feel better :).",happiness
"That was a brutal shift. Honestly he should be playing sheltered minutes. Team needs [NAME] and [NAME] back, give bulk of his minutes to [NAME]. ",disgust
Reminds me of that Australian news story about kids addicted to Fortnite and the kid is talking about how much he loves [NAME] ([NAME]).,surprise
How many attempts did that insane tech take to pull off?,happiness
Not sure if we can call him ginger anymore. That hairline went into a recession that'd put 2009 to shame.,surprise
This is why I love Reddit.,happiness
"Yes, dude! I'd love to see it finished. ",happiness
Honestly? No. I just feel sad for you guys.,disgust
That's literally insane considering we're talking about [NAME] and [NAME].,surprise
Crush. Big crush. Still have it.,happiness
Planning to make a comeback soon.,happiness
So i'm intrigued how the fusion would be.,happiness
"I sure hope this dog is reunited with its family. It is one of the cutest dogs Ive seen, a very unique looking pup!",happiness
I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.,happiness
This made me sad.,sadness
Lmaoooo howd you miss him that close  sweet justice.,happiness
This happened to me 6 months ago and I am still hurt and actively trying to talk to her... Idk how to stop.,surprise
What interests do you have?,happiness
It doesn't add up that a person who was receiving threats took actions to stop receiving threats?,surprise
What kind of behaviour is considered unattractive? I'm pretty clueless when it comes to dating.,surprise
"Still. He didnt have to go after that ball. Thats just his nature though, he doesnt give up. Hope its not very serious. ",disgust
"""I'm a libertarian. I get attacked by both sides lol"" ""I voted [NAME] last election"" Uhhhh what.",happiness
"To be fair, expecting sex twice a day, every day is a little ridiculous.",anger
Is it weird that Im relieved?,happiness
"Hears hoping, best of luck.",happiness
My favorite [NAME] and she was awesome as [NAME]. I also loved her playing the opposite [NAME] to [NAME] in DS9.,happiness
Then I can't help you... My wife only likes them hardboiled and I don't eat them so never bothered to learn :p.,sadness
"""Fascist criticizes another fascist."" Not much to see here.",disgust
OMG what??? ...[NAME] actually showed up for a gig without cancelling with a terrible excuse?,surprise
Pulled from IG. IDK where it originated so no credit given. It's just making the rounds.,surprise
"12 is ambitious!! Ill do this with you, but my goal would be 4 ",happiness
"[NAME], what? Why are you even here. Fuck off.",anger
"I mean, to be fair... She did say sorry. /s.",sadness
Yeah - thanks - I vaguely remember this. I wonder what her net worth was year by year? Too lazy to investigate.,happiness
I strongly agree.,happiness
I guess a little research goes a long way. [NAME] is the last speaker with the 20 dollar example. Stay strong all!,happiness
God damn!! Awesome for [NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] is such a great combo.,happiness
Well yeah! Doesn't everyone? I'm in the one about ED. I guess I'm a natural deflator. ,happiness
I know Bro! Won't happen again next Jan-uary.,happiness
I would love to know the Governor'sr's response to that line!,happiness
"Leave [NAME] or [NAME], only one of em.. replace one with maybe [NAME].",surprise
Riding your bicycle down Powell is *a stupid fucking idea*.,anger
I still can't believe [NAME] actually gonna be in Smash.,happiness
I like [NAME] but I disagree with him here. Then again it's not much surprise that a mega rich globetrotter that lives next to [NAME] would hold such views.,happiness
Yes... This video that we're in the comment section of is the sequel to the video that I posted... Which is the prequel.,happiness
You can replace the ram / SSD now on the new Razer blade 15 but ya razer sucks.,happiness
> Good thing I know who controls the HOA. . . . the [NAME]?,happiness
Pissed at you for not allowing them to live in ignorant bliss?,anger
What a combo of food.,happiness
You grew up in America. Your culture was teaching your children to think and fight for themselves.,happiness
My man loves his beer more than anything in the world.,surprise
"They stole my joke, damn them!",anger
Thank you to share your opinion and Ill appreciate this (=.,happiness
Keep trying! :) Ive just had a look and enjoyed the ones of yours I read.,happiness
"I was a huge fan of the script ones but the new greens this season look pretty fresh on ice, too. I like bringing the red back in.",happiness
"> They are all one entity with the same goals. Agreed, sadly.",happiness
"I'm curious to know, why did you behave like that when you were young?",happiness
I wanted to slap her when she told him she could have died and it would be his fault.,anger
Well done. I like it!!,happiness
Cant wait to listen! Look forward to each episode.,happiness
MULTIPLE TIMES NOW IT'S BEEN INCREDIBLY NICE ON THE MOUNTAIN THE DAY DIRECTLY AFTER I GO SKIING.,happiness
"I once went outside with my eyes open, it was way too intense for me.",happiness
What a turnaround.,surprise
I dont remember [NAME] saying that tbh.,disgust
He's also a chaser and is convinced that shouting at someone is an escalation from a shooting spree. He is incredibly dumb.,disgust
Grandmas knees are burning up.,sadness
"Not the right sub, I'm afraid.",fear
Yea with [NAME] as a host right?,surprise
I hope we trade [NAME] for something so I can go cheer for [NAME] on a better team.,happiness
Right?? It makes no sense shes horrible.,fear
This is why I worry about you sometimes.,happiness
"10,000th franchise win (against Boston) was cool, also 2017 ALDS game 4 (my only playoff game ever) ",happiness
I would be impressed if [NAME] ate 15% of his weight every day I wish I lived in a state where the contest was valid. Stupid NY.,happiness
Welcome to Reddit!,happiness
Thanks for the kindness; its all good enough- Im hoping to move out later this year.,happiness
"Somewhat valid question, if he was 11 when the game came out then he can shut up yeah.",disgust
Wait. Do you think socialism is high tax rates?,surprise
I laughed. But I'm really not sure if I should upvote.,happiness
And this is actually one of the nicer flats you can get in Boness too!,happiness
"The register entries have allot of interesting information, and basically served as the record of service for all personnel.",happiness
I don't know if I'm more disappointed in the driver or the pedestrians..,surprise
Because they want to. Why do you act like a goddamn weirdo about stuff like this?,anger
"That's awful. I'm glad [NAME] doing better, but he might have serious trust issues for life. ",anger
[NAME] shitting the bed like a 4 year old with diarrhea.,fear
My money is on [NAME]. Doubt [NAME] is back up next yr. [NAME] looked.good last preseason. I was surprised he didn't beat [NAME] then.,happiness
> i find it very dog-like and adorable :) I find it very monster-like and terrifying :|.,fear
Workers of the world unite! We have nothing to lose but our chains!,anger
Man i wish [NAME] expelled you for forgetting your minder binder instead.,happiness
Agree with that XI but sad that [NAME] is our best choice.,happiness
"No he's right, and you're deflecting from his argument.",happiness
I have a feeling if my car wont start my ETL would come and Uber me to work.,happiness
You seem to have only participated in this thread to insult me. what a shocker!,anger
Wouldn't it be great if [NAME] went down with charges?,happiness
Imagine is the other kids parent pulled a [NAME] on em.,happiness
She was a surrogate. [NAME] fucked the force which created [NAME] in schmee.,sadness
It started to compute for me when I was right all the time but never ended up getting what I wanted.,fear
Im uncomfortable just looking at her.,fear
Awesome thank you! Im sure it was fine to wear but new guy here not trying to stretch any rules quite yet.,happiness
Done! Good luck!,happiness
Both consenting adults so nope not creepy.,fear
Umm... educated people who think that killing a fetus after viability is abhorrent?,disgust
"LOL. When she came back on after the first commercial break, there was loud beeping when she was talking. ",happiness
"I can't see a way forward, neither the government or the opposition wants no-deal or to cancel A50. ",anger
Think this is the first time Ive ever disagreed with [NAME]. [NAME] at SF WCJ at PF sounds horrible.,fear
Yeah this angle is nauseating.,anger
I cant wait until [NAME] turns 21 so he can get a triple double too ,happiness
Can you please update me! I'm in the exact position! 24FHL with 21MLL.,anger
Yes sir ! Cheers. I miss typed I get #120 20mg.,happiness
This made my hump day. Thank you good sir.,happiness
Not sure why he's shilling for [NAME].,surprise
"But once it's born, if its parents can't afford food, shelter and medical care, it can go fuck itself.",disgust
I had corrected myself but I deleted the original post now for people like yourself who dont read fully before you get enraged and comment.,happiness
Which subcommittee?,surprise
The republicans are the military. You are an idiot.,anger
Does anybody ever tell you guys that you're doing a good job? Because they should. You're doing a good job.,happiness
Uhh...weird flex but ok?,anger
I can feel my left knee getting sore now.,surprise
You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.,anger
I like this idea.,happiness
That guys entire account is the biggest comedy cemetery out there.,happiness
"Wow, well I think that game just aged me 5 years...",surprise
"Or you just say ""Sorry, this isn't working out"", and leave.",disgust
"Wow after that [NAME] turnover, I've never turned off a game so fast.",surprise
Cheers. Never heard of any of them. Kids will do that to you...,happiness
That's awful. also i think I just realized why I have so much trouble finishing the last bite of food. I get all anxious about it.,anger
What country are you in? That makes a big difference for context of advice.,happiness
So much effort for such terrible person!,anger
"Serious question, why is she still employed? There are many talented women in WWE.",surprise
Wasnt the black saber first seen in the Clone Wars? But otherwise all true.,happiness
I've removed your post for witch hunting. Please be mindful of that in the future.,anger
"Thanks, but please use the stickied megathread for all discussion and submissions. Repost it over there.",happiness
Bless your heart.,happiness
"Suns fan here, I firmly believe you guys keep number one. Just having a bad game ",sadness
"Take a shower brother, i can smell you through my phone.",disgust
We all are afraid of losing our jobs here or being blackballed all the same.,sadness
The thing is the American hierarchs were ready to act until the Pope stepped in and told them to wait.,happiness
"We're sleep walking into, in the words of the Bank of England, a disordely Brexit. It's a bit problematic.",disgust
"Anyone else feel like this should have ended, ""Enjoy the ride and there's a Pimento Taco--a Pimentaco--in the glove box?""",happiness
"Nah, I like that they come here and tell on themselves. ",happiness
Im just here trying to figure out what trumps head weasel is doing in that picture...,happiness
I love this idea.,happiness
">Some ~~drugs~~ people are just... Scary... Some drugs tend to bring out what's bubbling under the surface, so in that way, yeah. ",fear
"The wonderful thing about ttigers, is ttigers are wonderful things!",surprise
Dude. Don't even get me started on the only guy who can manipulate time running out of it.,surprise
"This is true, but For THIS situation, it's time to take notes on the situation and do better on the next one. She deserves better.",happiness
I listened to this song the other day for the first time and... oh boy yeah.,happiness
"An interesting video, though the title's lack of an Oxford comma is bothering me.",happiness
It would actually make me more comfortable if someone did that to me.,happiness
NO THEY DONT FALL OUT.,disgust
Once upon a time I got banned for a whole day because of bad behavior... Oh wait that was all of us...,anger
"Bulls medical staff misdiagnosing again, what else is new.",happiness
You are a treasure. Please know how wonderful you are. Big hugs to you.,happiness
She wouldn't have done it if there weren't direct beneficial components to doing so.,disgust
"I pose you this question, ""How do you know [RELIGION] is not the right religion?""",anger
"Hey, don't steal lmao.",disgust
"I'd just feel less out of place, I guess. My SA makes me feel like I'm so behind my peers in terms of a social life.",sadness
"Welcome folks, whats going on in Ottawa?",happiness
Haha epic gamer moment.,happiness
I like this.,happiness
Did not know that. Not bad.,happiness
"Awesome ! That will be worth multitudes one day for certain. And such a classy gentleman, [NAME] is the best in NHL.",happiness
I feel like they missed a good opportunity to make the track in the shape of Texas.,happiness
It's so easy. Fill out the form and email it in. No bother.,happiness
Why not? standing to me isnt as everything i need is on the floor lol.,happiness
It is true. But the real reason for the problem is the selfishness of the people.,anger
Shits awesome!,surprise
Mvp REALLY cares about your time spent dead and azmo usually doesnt die.,happiness
"Well, you stopped coming on CV. Now I am left alone to fend off Agent debaters.",sadness
Damn kev I knew you love [NAME] but wow this is next level.,happiness
Any other reasonably priced recommendation?,surprise
HOW DARE YOU!!,anger
He most likely saw you and just didnt care. Sadly.,sadness
Cheese *noun* 1. That cheese shit they put on pizza.,anger
"Ah so gang rapes aren't a thing anymore, eh? Glad to hear that. ",happiness
My height is definitely a huge (ironically) factor. Im 5'1 no girl would date a guy 5'1.,happiness
Eh. I think either works. But sure. Replies is probably more accurate.,happiness
And they let you run money making missions while playing in a solo server? I dont remember this from gta.,surprise
This really shows how young and ignorant most of them are.,anger
Yhea but you wouldn't be surprised then.,happiness
Oh my [NAME]. Yesssss.,surprise
"So predictable. I bet the bomb is in the puck. Anyway, im exited for the [NAME] and the robot butler cameo.",happiness
Well she went to prison for **armed robbery and kidnapping** so after learning this i could hardly give a shit about her.,disgust
I think it's the only ability in the game where you can't really use it in combat.,happiness
"If he doesnt respond, then youre too good for him.",happiness
"How can someone be so stupid to post that online, let alone publicly do that.",happiness
Lots of vested interests coming up with money as well as type investor donations.,happiness
Thanks man!,happiness
Thank you. I needed to hear this. Currently kinda spiraling pretty bad.,anger
I like how the title contradicts the subreddit its posted on.,happiness
You fucked up. You trusted them.,disgust
"TOLD YOU ALL, bravo.",happiness
Went on a trip to the Austin area. This park is nice if you havent been there. Subscribe if you can. Enjoy.,happiness
I Like [NAME].,happiness
[NAME] my friend and if he has new friends Im ok with that.,happiness
We are not Barcelona or PSG we have structured wages.,happiness
"Ugh, this fucking tumblr account. I posted about this bitch before, they wrote that [NAME] drug rehab fanfiction.",anger
"Rip time wasted editing, its a shame that not many other people saw this.",sadness
Glad to see it resolved by someone as the community manager said not too long ago. I wouldn't give in and pay.,happiness
Homing pigeons make the best SOs.,happiness
A crime more sinister cannot be imagined!,disgust
"""This is good. What is it?"" ""Es carne de burro."" ""Heh, my name's [NAME].""",surprise
The bot did its job. Its me the awful one.,sadness
No. That is creepy and weird. If you dont trust her .... move on.,disgust
Happy Cake day.,happiness
[NAME] deserves appreciation.,happiness
Are you being stalked by anti-vaxxers? Im so sorry that sucks so much.,surprise
You still didnt answer the question. Sorry its bugging me :).,happiness
I can't really provide anything to you that you haven't already deliberately misread yourself. I can't force you to be honest.,anger
"True I am a troll, but fortunately for me I'm not emotionally invested in it.",disgust
"I loved shooting if we were gay and 6969. The peanut butter took a while, but was worth it.",happiness
"Nah, there's no such message.",happiness
"Acktchyually, America is a democratic republi, not a democracy. Thats why giving some people five times the votes of others is ok.",anger
Where is the discusting from?,happiness
Oh I gets it. Sort of wished these two guys were more of on the same page.,happiness
Everyone is sad on this sub dont take it personally if you don't get any replies.,sadness
"I'm sorry, no. The hostess was 15. I was 24. At the steakhouse, only hostess girls answered phones.",surprise
I feel extremely bad for people in this thread who are in any way shape or form relying on the federal government to improve their situation.,disgust
"Don't worry, with a lifestyle that requires them to have a new hip before the age of 20 they won't be making it much further.",happiness
People who claim others lie often deflect the question when asked for proof. Grow up.,happiness
"Yes, but shockingly that was the first post of hers Ive read in years that didnt make me want to claw my eyes out. ",sadness
Looks like some salty Detroit fans downvoting you lol.,sadness
For real. I get tired of all the griping. Deal with it or get out.. or start a freaking riot and make changes.,anger
BNW is scarily accurate if you ask me.,happiness
Youre awesome! :).,happiness
Pls not granny :(.,disgust
Don't torture yourself like that.,disgust
"Be careful mentioning the word ""dio"" on the internet.",happiness
Outrage over something that isnt even true. Thats sad man Edit: well the bandwaggoning part is true.,sadness
That crowd reaction for dirk at the end. What a legend.,happiness
If I got killed by someone while they're stunned I'd uninstall my game.,surprise
"Alright, thanks for that tip! <3.",happiness
"And for your daily dose of ""Saints LoL Meme"" you are still welcome at r/falcons we wont stop in the forseeable future ^^.",happiness
Welp....I think your question came across as judgmental. Why did you ask it?,happiness
"In this regard, how are babies different from neighbors?",happiness
... so we're pretending that this wouldn't be totally awesome had it been 1 administration back?,happiness
Thank you for your concern fellow conservative.,happiness
Maybe. The only other time both sites of players should be fully baked is just before a world cup but that's not a good time either.,surprise
That's not even accounting for the NDAs other customers have had to sign.,disgust
No fucking clue.,surprise
[NAME] bless America.,happiness
"Yeah but i have hard time finding keyboards under 60 that are blue switches with nkro, if u have some suguesstions please leave a link.",happiness
"Like many TIFU posts, I don't believe this one.",disgust
This is my bestie's favorite song.,happiness
" I dont give a F F the haters F all the haters Much love, no hate Machines within, machines within.",anger
God i love [NAME].,happiness
"I understand what he was trying to say, but [NAME] it came out badly.",sadness
"As much fun as I've had yanking their chains, does anyone know the background behind these particular scam calls? I've gotten several of them lately.",surprise
"No, I'm saying they are equally critical.",happiness
I love converts. They willingly throw away their freedom for a prison cell. So cute.,happiness
So $0.50 for that GIF? I think I'll pass.,happiness
"I couldnt imagine putting a brand new car on these roads, let alone a Tesla.",disgust
>Officers believe the man shown in these CCTV images may have information which could help. You reckon?,surprise
"YeH, Im trying to inquire about this.",happiness
Dudes really out there looking like he glued pubes to his face.,surprise
I love /r/LazyMan.,happiness
I like you.,happiness
Thank you for the level headed advice.,happiness
"I reallllly loved the show. It disturbed me a lot, definitely. But I want more now.",happiness
"A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.",surprise
PayPal is fucking pricey. 500 bucks to Mexico cost me 60$.,anger
Holy shit I didnt realize he didnt fumble all season thats wild.,surprise
Can PG just chill.,happiness
I didn't know they made phone calls ...,surprise
"[NAME] man, once again [NAME] proves why is he the L.O.A.T, luckiest of all time.",happiness
Id love to get my hands on a 4th gen z28.,happiness
"This 2D-meets-3D feel has been in all Paper Mario games, they all have an interesting take on it.",happiness
Omg stop spamming.,happiness
They will be once enough young progressives have replaced the older centrists :) Welcome to the new Democratic Party!,happiness
21 year olds thriving for lower table clubs are usually interesting to bigger clubs. Will be interesting to see how he does.,happiness
"You can't leave the ECHR while a member of the EU so they are not ""totally separate""",surprise
It just keeps getting better.,happiness
So many nice things here. Good vibes. Enjoy your cake day and weekend. ,happiness
People done be ignorant.,sadness
Big thanks to OP for that magnificent wall. I guess that we can reopen the government now.,happiness
[NAME] has a nice text on this topic. Of flying cars and the declining rate of profit.,happiness
And you've never driven over the speed limit?,happiness
The best part of adult snow days is no make-up!,happiness
I love how the sun just decides its going to pull Australia from Earth and cuddle with us... If only it didn't burn so much.,happiness
I agree and Im a man haha.,happiness
"Oh ok, thanks for that. Didnt know.",happiness
I do not trust our defense at all. I do not believe you can increase the range of Andujar.,disgust
What a wonderful world you lot live in!,happiness
Omg yes feels like being new born.,happiness
Great. Literally nothing is sacred anymore.,happiness
I like how his actual clone comes running up to him to congratulate him on that recovery.,happiness
"Yeah, they are the dumb ones you need to avoid.",happiness
"I have seen some terrible minion stuff, I thought I've seen the worst of the worst. I was wrong...I was horribly wrong.",disgust
A lack of the romantic partner is the stressful situation in my life.,sadness
Did he use his full title when he introduced himself. Cause that would be sweet.,happiness
"Don't apologize for a joke,especially when its true.",happiness
And someone downvoted you for that smh.,disgust
Honestly tho. Please stop posting this. We've been seeing this shit since at least 2003 and I was born in 02 ffs.,disgust
Try to think a bit harder.,happiness
I want to know how she thinks you can convert fat into muscle.,happiness
The only thing that changed is we are now healthcare-less.,surprise
Thank you! Don't be afraid to stand up for yourself otherwise you'll ended up in your late 30s exhausted and unhappy!,fear
Haha love it!,happiness
"I felt it once, then I quickly realised I was horribly mistaken when someone better came. There's no such a thing as ""the one""",sadness
Because you can totally decide what's harrasing and what isn't for other people.,anger
"Sky full of song, June, Patricia and The End of Love all by Florence + The Machine ",happiness
I miss old [NAME].,happiness
I know you will make her proud. always appreciate your parents they wont be here forever ,happiness
I think thats accurate. The probably I think means maybe will get a set.,happiness
"Bushwick, and playing a drum doesn't mean someone cannot work a job. ",disgust
Is the Queen movie bad? That makes me sad. I'm still watch it anyway.,sadness
Omg. This is just the best ever. ,happiness
"If we always have to use reconciliation anyway, why not just kill it imo, doesn't really matter either way.",happiness
Looks f*cking delicious.,happiness
It's been feeling strangely like November the last few*****.,anger
"Alright, make it!",happiness
"Lol ""Weapons grade weed"", I love it.",happiness
"Not only that, the ""improved controls"" aren't a thing at all. I'm not re-buying Blood Money for nicer graphics. ",disgust
I bet a load of those foodbank using nurses labour were so previously concerned about would love a 200k interest free loan ,happiness
"Oh my, liberals have been busy havent they?",surprise
I like how bro is just underlined for no reason.,happiness
OF COURSE IT WON FUCKIN PRETENTIOUS ASS FUCKING SLOW POINTLESS MOVIE OH BLACK AND WHITE WOWWWW.,anger
Great podcast called Uncover on this. Highly recommend!!,happiness
I've just listened to it on my way from school today! [NAME] anatomy introduced some beautiful music.,happiness
(Stupid) * (how many times you think you can pull it off without getting caught ).,anger
"See, I missed it completey, so they must have glossed over it fast. ",sadness
I cringed so hard my vagina fell out.,happiness
"Yep, still fun to theorise though!",happiness
She was 100% more likable on the tell-all than she was in the show. She may deserve that sweet husband of hers yet!,surprise
"I hated [NAME], but only because I thought he was good and played for the Cowboys. I feel the same way about [NAME] and [NAME]. ",happiness
"Oversleeping always makes me super depressed and even a little nauseous! Even so, I always want to go back to bed.",surprise
"Best of luck in Cleveland, Plaw Dog!",happiness
It's one of my most hoped-for things. I think you should be able to approach a player and request a duel. It would be sick.,happiness
Im glad they have it but this should have really been introduced in DMC3.,happiness
"What? Trolls? Actually, yeah, probably. ",happiness
"Its a fucking rockstar videogame, not an old west farm and hunting simulator you pleb.",anger
"I dont want everybody to live the same way as me, I just wanted to express the stupidity of it.",disgust
"I thought it got a nerf when the spirit got released. My bad. But I still stand by, healing against the legion is pointless. ",happiness
Yeah Ill take my downvotes. Just a gut feeling.,sadness
Originated joke by:.,happiness
Its nice to look at the comments and see other people who dont like this.,happiness
I always thought it was his country could be wrong tho.,surprise
This is how it should be. I'm so happy to see this post.,happiness
Stay strong friend.,happiness
"This is amazing dude, literally flawless work.",happiness
"She said (i swear to [NAME]) her doctors told her she wasnt bipolar and has ""anxiety caused by other people"" ",sadness
Cool. Glad I'm not the only one who found it weird.,happiness
This. Nothing would make me happier than the see the gNats hamstrung for the next decade because they gave a ridiculous contract to a hometown hero.,happiness
Pointless but fun.,happiness
"Every time I see a something like, 'thanks for nothing, [NAME],' I mentally apologize to her, lol. ",happiness
Ok nice opinion dude. Do you have any sources??,happiness
This is one of those hobbies where the exit strategy is paralysis or death.,disgust
It won't be. Just a rumor.,disgust
Sloths are cute! Especially when theyre covered in moss.,happiness
I probably just watched whatever episode someone else is rewatching.,happiness
Great vid but horrible grammar. [NAME] i had to read the title 4 times.,fear
Sucking [NAME] pecker! They're no respect for your dignity! Suck it!!!!,anger
"I mean, if BDN wins another SB MVP . . . you can't exactly get rid of a guy like that.",anger
At sunset i want to bang my wife there on the rock.,anger
Thank you for clarifying. I was just thinking about how picky a lot of my family is (adults as much as kids).,surprise
"[NAME] 31m contract is horrendous, I hated it when he signed it and I hate it now.",anger
Take the compliment you good egg x.,happiness
Happy Easter everyone!!,happiness
I like your enthusiasm and yes it would be hilarious.,happiness
"Guys help I cant stop playing it, my hands are in so much pain!",sadness
Be honest with her... or put her on a pedestal just high enough to see up her dress... ;).,happiness
">""tanned"" Thank you BBC, very cool!",happiness
"Behavior I'd consider deeply immoral without showing true remorse (I'm talking rape, torture of animals, that sort of thing).",sadness
"Exactly, last year was frustrating with our [NAME] awful home record. ",anger
"Where do you think the [NAME] came from, before they arrived in Spain?",happiness
"Yeah, this guy actually seems quite smart. (But a horrible and manipulative person).",happiness
I'm sorry to hear that things went down like that. Good luck with everything.,happiness
Oh. I have anxiety for her and this conversation.,happiness
That's a bit tricky to pull off.,surprise
Thanks for not showing her picture. I just had lunch.,happiness
Ah St.Tiernan's up to no good as usual.,disgust
Im pretty sure the 2nd song is about him too. Cant wait to get that on the PA along with the disco lights.,happiness
Id love an  if you have time! Good job keep up the hard work.,happiness
OP literally said guys like [NAME] are not unicorns and not hard to find. They never said [NAME] was the ultimate standard lol.,happiness
It still seems dangerous.,fear
His team is chasing away any hope at a playoff berth.,happiness
This feels *so* cringeworthily thirsty after [NAME] ridiculous meet & greets recently.,sadness
I saw that comment and wondered if someone was going to post it here. I almost feel bad. Maybe theyre lonely.,sadness
Lol thats classic!! Thanks.,happiness
Oh hey I have those jeans.,happiness
Doesn't state strangers either. Assume some more.,surprise
"Well, you know what they say..... ....I can't think of any witty comment to say about that.",surprise
Don't make me kiss you!,anger
I also love this decline in bch prices. Cheers.,happiness
Youre trash april. Im November 2000 actually. Damn were old.,sadness
Lol I hope no-one bothers to answer you in earnest honesty because you are so childish it'll just wash right over your ears.,happiness
Im so nervous!,fear
Oh thats funny!! Nothing better than someone with a pee fetish lmfao.,happiness
Okay then. It sounds like you have it all figured out. Good luck.,happiness
You are terrible developers.,anger
Interesting indeed ,happiness
I meant more likely than her killing them and running away.,sadness
"No, they need UYU to beat EG.",disgust
For the sake of football and this sub everyone wants [NAME] to win.,happiness
"Besides, Canada is extremely choosy about the kind of people they allow in.",surprise
"Ridiculous. That kid didnt do anything. Just stood there and smiled, while waiting for his bus. Youre crazy.",happiness
Indeed. This episode is for me the best one officially. I'm scared for the finale.,happiness
"Do I make you ornery, baby? Do I?! Ok.. Yeah, I probably do now..",happiness
Awesome job!!,happiness
> Am i missing something? Because it won't be repealed.,surprise
Recently got this book! I would be interested as well!,happiness
"If we just got rid of capitalism, everything would be great! ",happiness
So either the dog is sick or the owner has non-trivial mental illnesses.,surprise
But [NAME] is fine.,happiness
These are some of the best movies to watch high (esp Butterfly Effect).,happiness
The Mets fans in me gets excited for [NAME] when I hear [NAME] theme.,happiness
[NAME] got used to be my favorite character. This is embarrassing beyond any stretch of the imagination.,sadness
Try to be rational instead of angry.,happiness
It's honestly the best news I've heard all season.,happiness
Are you in Twitter with a similar s/n? I feel like I remember this name when Ive been posting about teen mom ,happiness
Less is definitely more. That picture is just kind of forgettable old meme material. This post feels like old keyword stuffing.,anger
Ok but how is that a jerk hes not pushing anyone off their chair.,anger
"I appreciate it, thank you. I will discuss consequences with my husband. It will probably be me taking my daughter elsewhere until [NAME] leaves.",happiness
"In this case, you are paying with both.. it's just as data mineable as any other source.",happiness
Oh no he didn't!,disgust
Haha my cat does that as well. Had to get round door knobs.,happiness
"No idea, don't see the EU budging, probably some vague clauses that have no weight.",sadness
Dirty secret. They retired the decks until they got a doozy.,disgust
She was going to her safe place in her mind.,happiness
"Okay, so that doesnt really answer my question. Are you suggesting the liability will fall on the towing company with shitty or sketchy reviews? ",anger
Did this a lot when I was a kid but never did it as bad as this.,disgust
"Damn, i always get in on these too late.",sadness
It is weird to be having sex at all at 15.,disgust
"I think it was just a poorly worded title, what it meant to me was that there was a reason other than teaching kids to count. ",disgust
Watch your profits soar high as a crow!,happiness
"Because on a visa, I get 3 months of unemployment and I used up 2.5 when I got out of school first. ",happiness
"Nice little train journey. Come on everyone, shower up before the tour.",happiness
"Okay, thank you so much!",happiness
This is awesome! Does anyone know if an EST version is available?,happiness
Well guys it was fun. [NAME] passed up the open three ffs.,happiness
[NAME] increasing his trade value so we can trade him to NO for Lonzo. Thank you [NAME]!,happiness
Sounds nice owo.,happiness
"So she goes to her little boy instead of doctor, I hope?...",happiness
How old are you? It sounds like 90% of the guys you know who are your age also dont have their shit together.,happiness
He insisted on a monogamous break and I agreed.,happiness
No one cares my guy.,sadness
"That's a lot of words to say ""I'm upset that women don't want to date me.""",sadness
"In all honesty my dude, just gotta work on getting to bed earlier during that downtime.",happiness
Actually you're a [NAME] if you aren't for exterminating the 'wrong inherently evil and guilty race'.,disgust
">You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. Hundreds of thousands would disagree with you.",disgust
Make those damn lazy millennials find a job sooner /s.,anger
So [NAME] is still on the block and hoping [NAME] can nominate someone else.,happiness
"I can see it, the wig/bodysuit is very kalorie but the makeup is still 100% India.",happiness
"Oh, but amazingly it seemed to work out in the end because oil eating bacteria evolved in the Gulf of Mexico.",happiness
Can you adopt me? Im after those bones.,happiness
Okay. Have a nice evening! ,happiness
"Ooh, I have a fascination with North Korea, and now I need to check out that book! ",happiness
"As a 29 year old newly married man, I still do some cringey stuff from time to time. ",surprise
I will third Blues City Deli...the Prez [NAME] is ridiculous!,happiness
Was it just me or when they showed the backboard camera did the hoop look like it had a surprised face?,surprise
It was an honor just to be nominated. Being a runner-up is a dream come true ( I keep my dreams realistic and attainable).,happiness
For fucking real. That is not normal behavior for anyone over the age of 15 and it's totally cringey.,sadness
No idea but as of last year there was a cat that liked to hang out there. Hope hes okay ,happiness
"Im in a similar situation, but mine is my spanish teacher she favorites the boys, and she really just hates me.",happiness
"I hope all the best for you. Keep posting in this sub when you need help, but always run it by your physician/therapist before taking any advice ",happiness
Why is it embarrassing?,happiness
"I don't know why he'd take it like that, he was gone for so long so someone was going to do a show like that.",disgust
I think he did. of course im not sure since it didnt happen to me but to a close friend.,surprise
So your Dad is actually incognito. Well played.,happiness
Omg they are adding audio???!! Epic really loves to cater to the sweats.,happiness
I just looked for this sub so I could comment on how great he is.,happiness
Okay im interested in joining the bare hands hunting posse.,happiness
Your nan and dad are both trash. I am so glad you were able to pull yourself up and rise above. ,happiness
Nah.....anime is weird.,disgust
"No tweets from [NAME] since 10:30pm EST... twelve hours ago at the time of this writing. Oh, he must be having a GREAT time.",happiness
"He was an insane shooter in high school, so I guess the staff believes his current performance is just because hes a freshman?",happiness
"That guy was beyond cringe, it was creepy.",disgust
Those other countries clearly exploited to shit? Dats cuz it's not mah [NAME]. -You with your big brain logic.,anger
"But you clearly agree with most or some of his ideas, do you not?",happiness
"Crating your dog is also banned in some places, that doesn't make it cruel.",happiness
"I haaaaaate vanilla scents and they are a 100% NOPE for me. I wear more neutral/woodsy scents and boyfriend loves it, so win.",anger
Well we tried hard. good effort boys!,happiness
[NAME] i was mostly curious about the background because it's very good.,happiness
I want to see the human equivalent to how happy this dog is.,happiness
The phone calls in the first 10 minutes are absolutely damning.,disgust
Ha ha. You can't define something into existence.,disgust
[NAME] will probably get something as worse as [NAME] in ep4.,happiness
Wow such a story! This is great art. Can I find more stuff like this somewhere?,happiness
It definitely has the best look to it. Also the best characters. Count [NAME] henchmen are amazing.,happiness
Just wanna boop that T I N Y B O Y E on her snoot and hear her Bork Bork Edit: we dont preserve dogs.,happiness
Thats a fair point. Pretend to be a foreigner than? Haha I dont know. I wish you luck my friend!,happiness
True that.,happiness
Perfect dynamite moment. Rank up those buckles.,happiness
SHE SHOULD BE ON A HILL SOMEWHERE WITH THE SUN AND THE CLOUDS ABOVE HER!,happiness
Exactly why my money goes to more guns and ammo.,surprise
Sooner or later you're both going to have to make some choices about your priorities.,happiness
"Oh sorry, do you live in downtown Toronto?",sadness
And it keeps rumbling... now we know why no one had gone to jail yet!,happiness
Im so very sorry that happened to you!,happiness
I really hope this is old and ironic.,happiness
I would be interested in some of this stuff. Would love to see if posted here.,happiness
They missed the irony of the original post and ran with it as if it were serious. Got tons of gold and upvotes.,happiness
Thank you. It happened suddenly. Near the end of the game.,happiness
Ive reported her before I think thats why she stopped pming me and started following my comment history instead.,surprise
"Nothing official, just a gut feeling. We'll see though as today we should have an update.",disgust
"If you ever wondered where ISIS got their method of killing homosexuals, wonder no more. Source: al-Jawab al-Kafi p. 260-263 as Quoted by Islamqa: ",surprise
Highlights will be glorious to watch! Heres [NAME] shootout zinger!,happiness
"Thank you, I know youre right, Im just overthinking for sure ",happiness
"I'm sorry, there is no way this guy is Canadian.",disgust
"That they will always love me despite how erratic I am and that they will always care about me, even if I haven't seen them in years.",happiness
Why are we trusting them to do anything after messing it up that badly?,happiness
A lot of kids at my school say Homecoming is the best but I would say Spider-Man 2 is.,disgust
Still waiting for this.,happiness
The Colts badly wanted to hire him. Hed get a GM job in a heartbeat if he wanted it.,happiness
[NAME] dude Im sorry. Thats their problem now. Bump some [NAME] and keep moving forward.,sadness
Oh geez man... You posted this image to at least 600 subreddits.. Why And now made a new account for it...,anger
So edgy.,fear
Idk if I want [NAME] back but I agree with [NAME] ONLY if he keeps playing at this level by the end of he season.,happiness
"It still baffles me how they cover for him, and his trace amounts, when theyre in his body because he cheated in the first place.",sadness
"I was tested for the flu on Saturday and it came back negative, but yea it probably is a cold or something ",happiness
HOLY FUCK THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!!,happiness
"Hi, I just fix it, I just had to clear the cookies.",happiness
[NAME] feel bad for ye no one can take a joke.,disgust
He is like a bad cartoon thats hard to turn off.,anger
"Oh I get it, you are illiterate on purpose because you fear to be fed with lies (in your mind). Sorry for you.",fear
Good for you- take it to the next level! Congratulations.,happiness
Every. Bloody. Time. I never learn to just shut up though.,anger
U/1R0NYMAN is that you?,surprise
I knew a girl who was very obese and a heavy cocaine and meth user. Some people still have no problem eating on drugs.,happiness
I friggin choked scrolling up to this.,sadness
Thank you for your consideration but i like both.,happiness
I genuinely cannot believe [NAME] didn't get fired years ago. It shocks me more than [NAME].,surprise
"Pressure 7 targets/10 targets, popcorn, any tracking, and any tile frenzy because I enjoy trying to beat my highscore.",happiness
Thanks man. Thought that counts.,happiness
How do you deal with not having pushers? Theyre literally our saviors in grocery since we never have time to zone over there...,surprise
I dont think they are. Haksal was streaming KR ranked just a few days ago.,surprise
Oh gosh it's on the website too.... Here we go.,happiness
Well good luck with that. [NAME] does nothing but be a minor headache with occasionally killing some border guards.,sadness
Were these the platforms they ran on.,happiness
Such a lust for friendship! *Whooooo*.,happiness
Love how they all claim no one pays any attention to the comments then acknowledge a comment section personality.,happiness
"Thank you, how epic is your curl? ",happiness
"Hey, remember when [NAME] said furries are all catfuckers? Glad he's changed since then.",happiness
I usually just refer to it as concealed carry. Cuts down on some of the tla overload.,surprise
"I hear ya man, it sucks that we live in a world where we have to worry about so much nonsense instead of just being ourselves. ",anger
"I can see how you feel , THIS DID NOT TEACH A CHILD TO RESPECT ANIMALS and im ashamed and upset honeslty no horse deserved that.",anger
Its the comment about smelling her that makes it pure cringe.,fear
It was very good! Not a musical fan but it was pretty entertaining.,happiness
"[NAME], [NAME]; these people have familes.",happiness
I put so much thought into things that often I trigger myself unintentionally. I can be hurt before something has a chance to happen.,sadness
Good [NAME]. That's quality cringe.,happiness
Just made some Ham and Lima Beans with those. You are very correct ...,happiness
"There is nothing gross about being gay. Just means we're different, but we still experience love. Love is not gross.",happiness
Takes a lot of courage to admit they are autistic online. Nice to see you worked up the courage buddy!,happiness
[NAME] has broken his brain so bad hes turning [NAME] into [NAME].,sadness
Hell yeah. Enjoy your new bachelor life son!,happiness
This is a terrible idea.,fear
"Don't, it's shit compared to the original. It's rather WATERed down :P Jokes aside it isn't as good.",anger
Noo this guy was parachuting down fromthe mount blanc to kill his self.,surprise
Ive been abused enough by the Knicks today.,sadness
Broke and jealous.,anger
There are too many depressing headlines on the news. This story made me laugh.,happiness
"And when it's time to get him into violent videogames, just get him Viscera Cleanup Detail.",happiness
Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!,happiness
I cant wait.,disgust
Start sending her a text when you go into the shower. Tell her you're starting your shower and you'll be ten minutes. See what happens.,happiness
"Wait, so you really can't carry bags to school in US? ",surprise
WHAT you guys get this show on Netflix? We certainly do not get it in Canada what is this bullshit.,anger
"I'm French so I didn't know her, it's so cool that you have transgender politicians! I can't see it happen here.",happiness
"This was a floating barge of bullshit bound to ignorance, which is headed for a recycle bin on my desktop.",anger
"If they actually have more evidence that he was deeper than originally suspected, then I have no sympathy.",anger
The whole summit ice r/nathanforyou episode is amazing.,happiness
Why is this being downvoted lol?,happiness
While an interesting idea I'd rather have scepter be more like it is in DotA and upgrade the passive and/or signature card.,happiness
"Hahaha, that's true for all their series.",happiness
Ever seen a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle?,happiness
Just pick someone you like and hope for the best!,happiness
Dear [NAME] you Coach [NAME]?,happiness
"Congratulations! I'm sure your shoulders are much lighter now. You look absolutely gorgeous, keep killing it :D.",happiness
[NAME] a good guy who hosts leagues full of people who want to have fun. Check it out!,happiness
Yes!!!!,happiness
After that we had no sustained damage for the fight so [NAME] and [NAME] just killed [NAME].,sadness
Gotten death threats and people compare me to flat earthers.,sadness
"First thought: OHHH FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! Okay, time for me to submerge and introduce this MOTHAFUCKAS EYE BALLS to these hands.",anger
Politics in the KRG are some of the dumbest and most petty of the Middle East.,anger
"I'm not that into shower sex tho. like it's fun sometimes, but it takes me so long to get off when i'm wet.",happiness
"I mean, it was season two level of what the fuck are you doing writers?!",anger
"Was originally going to title this ""BIG CHUNGUS"", but it got dinged for being too short.",surprise
MY JOB IS NOT MY FRIENDSHIP CURRENCY.,anger
One dumbass who hasnt watched Hereditary complaining about meaningless awards on the Internet means... eh. I lost my point. Go watch Hereditary.,anger
I went to your profile to see the other pics & saw your kitty. He's super cute!,happiness
[NAME] has only missed a couple games and WCJ hasn't missed any. Not sure how you rank their top 4.,surprise
No no! I meant it in a positive way. The emotional rollercoaster of the photo album.,disgust
Sir that is a popular opinion. I'm too afraid of what sort of trade will happen to want one.,fear
"There's too much focus on ""our side Vs their side"" and things just seem to be getting worse.",happiness
Can we all pitch in and buy this place instead of the Baltimore House?,surprise
Welcome to the fucking Pacific NW!,happiness
"Don't listen to the idiot, we love your posts!",anger
Omg so quirky.,surprise
Kinda looks like Ballymun too. Or some council flats from a London ghetto.,happiness
Can't remember how many times i died there. Death is easy if you keep spamming holy water in the corner.,sadness
We need a law like that in the US since they ignore our doccument thats supposed to protect those sort of things.,sadness
Wise people dont equate wise with any political orientation . Wise people know there are bozos screaming on both sides.,happiness
Man hope he recovers fast. Looked really painful.,happiness
I'm paranoid that I might not have all of them. A download would be helpful!,happiness
Completely miss-wired! I never thought a kid can grow up miss-wired.,anger
"Funny thing is, I got mine today. Maybe it'll stop tonight?",happiness
We can do this son. You don't want to miss [NAME] win his first Rumble and become the new top guy.,happiness
Even if she was 25 this would have been weird and creepy af.,disgust
Part of life in freedom is that parents are responsible to raise their children. The only weapon we have left is friendly persuasion.,happiness
Nooooooo they're so delicious!,happiness
Thank you thats sweet of you (:.,happiness
That place must be a gold mine of good stories.,happiness
As a household we deal with it by respecting each other's choices and opinions.,happiness
My favorite part of women being in the game is fucking destroying them. Take that femenists.,anger
This is scary and so very sad. Eleven??? A baby! I was still building forts. I weep for this child.,fear
Never seen an abandoned piss trolley at a bus stop in Armadale ever.,surprise
Thanks I love him.,happiness
[NAME] has 2 fouls and they don't force [NAME] on him in paint?,happiness
Well this all started Wednesday. But Ive been unhappy with my life for weeks now.,anger
[NAME] looking good for a big game.,happiness
>Cause they almost never hit anything. Very inaccurate. The benefit of fighting against a largely untrained adversary.,sadness
Haha thats an option.,happiness
If yous got a problem with Canadian Gooses than youve got a problem with me and i suggest you let that one marinate.,surprise
WHAT!?,surprise
You need to reevaluate your life.,anger
Dude dont even trip. [NAME] is the shit. I also have a soft spot for [NAME] if youre into her at all lol.,anger
"Holy bait-and-switch, [NAME]. Im so sorry, that has to be incredibly stressful to have to be around and deal with.",sadness
[NAME] sorry it was rude not to @ you lol.,sadness
"Yes, I'm just banking on the fact that there will be a bigger idiot than me out there. :-).",happiness
"No income = no pension payments required. Health care, I think is mandatory, but I dont know the enforcement scheme.",surprise
Thank you for all of the tips. It's greatly appreciated!,happiness
I havent seen this format before. And I dont even know if its original. But I like it.,happiness
If she canf even protect herself what the fuck is she doing in a business that protects others.,anger
"I'm strange as fuck, and I didn't grow up with money.",sadness
Look how pretty she is. YES QUEEN YESSSSSSS.,happiness
This is all soooo nice. What nice people.,happiness
[NAME]!! Awesome!! He's the only one that i have anything signed by.,happiness
Rofl this pysyk kid is a disgrace.,happiness
This is the most fucking sensible comment I have seen in the this subbredit. Have the exact same opinion.,happiness
Can neins bring me up to date on what this is about?,surprise
People love him on Yelp:-).,happiness
They listened in a way.. they just executed it in such a way that makes us pay 3-5x over what we should be paying for skins.,disgust
"Congratulations, and Happy New Year! May it be as sexy and as prosperous as you could wish for. ",happiness
Was expecting a horrifically broken ankle. You have posted the actually unexpected.,anger
I agree it was just funny with the timing. I'm guessing you don't usually order AT the gym. :).,happiness
Das pretty sweet. No-look throw!,happiness
Can't play defence when everything is call and on the other end the Bulls haven't gotten a call since early in the quarter ...,disgust
"Long, difficult but rewarding combos. Simple defense mechanics. The speed its currently at. Meter burns, risk reward. ",happiness
"That explains it, I rarely report people anymore This Khajit informs the other Khajit that it is welcome.",happiness
Honestly i dont think logan paul meant anything except to sound woke so he could get attention.,disgust
The only advice I'll give is to not come back here when you find out that she's cheating on you.,sadness
"Oh, it's that time for you. Sending hugs. ",happiness
This is bad.,anger
"$15 a month for a music service is more than Netflix. Thank u, next!",happiness
Not to mention the small electronic machines that we all carry around in our pockets. It'll be interesting to see how this impacts online casinos that accept cryptocurrency.,happiness
Ok I see what you mean. Thanks.,happiness
Lol this match was like 1/3rd the time of what I expected.,happiness
You're being lenient.,happiness
This take can get the fuck out. that bulge is sacred.,fear
The only way this works is if [NAME] is doing the Bird Box challenge and cant see the terms of the contract.,happiness
">It's not FSA I am not going to discuss about something, which isn't even my point. ",disgust
Don't do that. Only villains do that.,anger
Yep. That will do it. Glad to hear the message finally sank in. Rehabilitation is the key to fighting recidvism.,happiness
Bottom right is the cutest.,happiness
Lol this was cosmetic. Thankfully both of mine are alive and well.,happiness
Ehhh he got played so hard on the [NAME] vs [NAME] situation in 2017. Lost credibility after that for me.,happiness
"See my response to your other comment, but I'm glad you have conceded that your original response to revaniteanime was incorrect.",happiness
Are you actually serious? I'm really interested in the details lol.,happiness
I really like [NAME] videos.,happiness
"It's a pretty old and actually funny joke, just converted into a ragecomic. ",happiness
"American conservatism has been stolen by the neo Nazi, bigoted crowd. [NAME], [NAME], et al would vilify these hacks.",anger
I shook a hand that shook his hand once.,surprise
Its pretty old. [NAME] did it.,sadness
"Oh well, very nice then :).",happiness
Thanks yeah that sounds good.,happiness
"And judging from *this* comment, I think you should know you sound like a troll.",anger
"Lucky, when I did it my nickname ended up being [NAME].",happiness
Where are [NAME] and [NAME]??? Time to kick some butts!,anger
Come back here and fight me m8.,happiness
"This is **NUTS**!!! I still use both of these on my boyfriend, who thankfully watched this season with me and also hated [NAME]. ",happiness
"You mean, you actually want them to try to win? NO WAY! /s.",surprise
Where were they? I was trying to track them down and couldnt remember where I saw them.,surprise
This is cute AF. For 5.00 - 10.00? That's not bad yo. Some people at fairs would pay for 25.00 for this.,happiness
I've never heard of him. Do you have a link? Curious to see if he has any videos on accents I'm familiar with.,happiness
I REALLY hate this one.,anger
Yep that helps. Im in a sneakarchy for sure. Thanks for the info!,happiness
[NAME] and [NAME] are ok because they were devout [NAME]. Like they hate secular music.. but U2 is worshipped by a lot of the 40-something [NAME].,happiness
I hate you for that title. Thanks a lot. /s Right as Im about to go to sleep too.,happiness
Looks good!,happiness
"Nah, reviewable offsides is pretty bad.",sadness
Im desperate for it. I once got to lie in bed with a girl friend a couple times. That was cool. But we barely touched.,happiness
I LOVE this.,happiness
My truck has a camper shell. I can drive around town while you kids screw back there. $20/hr and gas.,happiness
Phoenix sunrises and sunsets have been nice the past week with all the clouds and rain - beautiful shot!,happiness
"Yeah, I started to see that as a better option from reading these comments since I own most of the house anyway. Thanks for your advice.",happiness
"It is awesome, and nothing turns me on more (as far as giving pleasure to my lover goes). Seriously.",happiness
You really gotta emphasize the ffffffhh.,anger
"No, lots of people in that area do that. Hire someone to do your taxes because it'll be a nightmare and so will your commute.",happiness
I've found that people who say things like that are the worst at partying.,sadness
Im not saying he wont ever recover. My point is he isnt wrestling at Wrestlemania.,happiness
That definitely makes him a terrorist.,happiness
Probably therapy.,surprise
"Youre on thin fucking ice, buddy.",anger
A run??????!!!!,happiness
[NAME] must have like 6 rebounds already.,happiness
Im having a terrible day and you made me laugh thank you.,happiness
"She's 17. Let her brag about cool visual effects, yikes.",happiness
"This is the kind of relationship i want to have,a warm soothing one.... ",happiness
Been sober this entire year. Still not sure what to do with my hands. Might become a cigar guy. Gotta tweak on something ya know?,surprise
I think that's how the game will end. With [NAME] talking to [NAME] again. Don't know if I'm prepared for that.,surprise
At least the crack makes it look cool eh. Happy new year :).,happiness
Not threatening? It is an exhortation to commit a violent sexual act against a woman.,happiness
I am glad I'm not the only person who noticed that bit of WTFuckery. ,happiness
[NAME] is not a smart man. Giving a fraud a fucking card. Like wtf.,anger
Would love to share this on twitt and FB ...,happiness
Not a deal breaker for me. But it depends on a lot of factors. How and when she takes it and so?,happiness
I have an issue metabolizing medications fast. I'll wake up during surgeries so they give me a lot of drugs.,sadness
Why is the hotdog so long lmao.,happiness
"Imagine seriously considering [NAME] as a nominee, what a joke.",happiness
I really hope no one actually thought [NAME] would be our coach for next season.,disgust
I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.,sadness
"TIL the Recession, Great Depression, Colonialism, War on Drugs etc. were created by socialists. ",disgust
"The fuck you call me!? A cunt!? Damn man, didnt know I meant so much to you, right in the feels.",anger
[NAME] is 19 karma away from beating cancer. Please upvote to save this young man's life!!,happiness
By that logic its seedy and insincere for google to act like they care about Homealone.,anger
This is good for people who pilots as well and rely on Tablets or phones for mapping.,happiness
My drunken eyes saw that last window as [NAME] and im not sure if its better or worse.,surprise
Very interesting study.,happiness
Yeha he failed to qualify unfortnatwly.,sadness
I get it but it wasn't what i was talking about.,disgust
I love [NAME] so much.,happiness
I think u mean symfuhny lol.,happiness
Good manager had your back. That lady just wanted free gift wrapping.,happiness
I quit soda about a month ago and this makes me want to go buy an entire 2-liter just to comfort myself.,happiness
I'm so happy for you !,happiness
She went from normal mom to ~~[NAME] amazed by balloons~~ [NAME] really fast.,happiness
I just can't believe she had the nerve to call both [NAME] and [NAME] low ability.,sadness
"Without these heroes, we could still be counting on [NAME] to fight off opponents, and a collapsing stadium.",happiness
We are very clumsy creatures. Eventually you just learn to laugh it off. *The crying comes later when no one is around*.,surprise
I don't.,disgust
"Sweet home alabama No but for real, is that even legal? You should stop having sex with her.",disgust
Don't send that message.,disgust
[NAME] gets called for some of the softest fouls bro.,happiness
Go away [NAME]....,anger
"I love this place. I have multiple things from them, and the employees are super great.",happiness
Refreshmentos! What's that? It's new!,happiness
"Thank you for the tip. I've added it to my ""to read"" list.",happiness
I was responding to the title of the post (not the article). Did you call OP racist? Im guessing not.,surprise
Ah dang sorry. in that case idk.,sadness
Wow that's not OK.,disgust
"That's ironic. Because [NAME] isn't getting the Wall funded, we are pulling more resources off the border blockade effort?",happiness
"As row boats are abandonned all around it could be a very interesting little add . If , few randoms row boats had a old and used one in it.",anger
I accidentally swiped. I don't have time right now I swiped for ego and got it so I don't actually want to talk to anyone.,anger
I don't have a problem with this if their hands are clean.,happiness
"Errrrrrrrrr that's pointless, and your Doctor I'm afraid is pointless as well.",anger
Nice glad to hear man!,happiness
I always feel high the day after I smoke than after a day or two I feel fine u should be ok.,fear
"What about fees? Much of the hit for a payday loan isn't interest, technically, it's fees. ",happiness
Get [NAME] back on the wing. Looks awful in this position.,anger
Yikes. I admire your patience.,happiness
Im sorry where is that?,happiness
"Think this was an underrated signing. Dudes such a beast when hes on, can go multiple innings.",happiness
I'm guessing this talk will be gated behind the expo pass at GDC. Do these become (legitimately) publicly available after the event?,surprise
Wow! I just played my self.,surprise
"Wait, I'm confused now. A brain can only handle so much.",surprise
Gift from [NAME].,happiness
Thats fun.,happiness
"Damn, sounds like I missed a few things, I might need to rewatch the first season!",surprise
You ok bro?,happiness
Thats so great! Congratulations to you as well!,happiness
Thanks! I ordered some and let them know I'm traveling so I think I'm pretty set.,happiness
It's too small of a traffic circle to make sense.,anger
Wow so you've been around your entire country and spoken to every single person about traffic accidents? So cool.,happiness
"First chance to open reddit today, am not disappointed in this being my top post in my feed. Thanks. ",happiness
"This has happened to me with the girls I tried to connect with irl as well as FA ""lonely"" girls from this very sub.",sadness
"No, the ECJ made unilateral A50 revocation subject to good faith use, not as a tactical tool to gain a better deal.",disgust
Seems like every season she is less hot. Too bad.,anger
It's a really fun game and is a great way to hang out with friends. Hope you have fun!,happiness
The next step in human evolution is for humanity to end. Life isn't worth preserving.,anger
Former Mexican president was taking bribes from drug traffickers we need the wall.,happiness
A RACK ON IT YEEEEEE GONNA LIVE BET THAT SHIT AND SECOND HALF 3K lets goooo.,happiness
"Because I felt like it, just as you felt like announcing you basic grooming while trying to be insulting. ",anger
Want too big and lean to be naturally achievable.,happiness
I love trying new foods for the most part.,happiness
Oh i already watched the whole thing when it aired. That match was awesome! I just wanna rewatch the last 20 mins of the womens rumble.,happiness
No one comes here its cool.,happiness
Omg like I get so moody when I'm hungry lol im so bipolar Yyyeeaaahhhh...,happiness
"I'm curious how he does in the counties you mentioned. The primary might end up being super close, but you know more than I do.",happiness
Im excited!,happiness
Muppet. Nice not obscene insult. Thanks.,happiness
I definetly love some epistemology!,happiness
Maybe he was just really tanned and needs a vacation.,surprise
"Hello, Do you need a student ID for anywhere in the process? I have a valid email but cant find my ID right now. Thanks.",happiness
I feel that nobody cares and nothing will be different because this is a total non issue for vast majority of people.,sadness
Thats good to hear..Im so worried Ill be making the wrong choice by leaving my job I hate soon.,happiness
This is so creepy. Good riddance to awful rubbish.,happiness
Dude is really nice. But Im gonna be so upset if we ignore our huge need for a small forward again.,happiness
Okay I can see this looking really cool for a festival or photos though ,happiness
"Yeah, but malice with the *intent* to solely intimidate OP? Doubtful. More like malice with the unlucky byproduct of discovery by OP.",surprise
"Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.",fear
"No problem, glad to help.",happiness
Would have been faster to seal it and then pressurize the tube so the kitty gets shot out like a cannonball.,sadness
[NAME] ruined religion. Its the only good thing theyve done.,happiness
"Oh man, there isn't enough popcorn to enjoy this.",fear
This explains the recent uptick in bots.,surprise
"Yes you can start working. Just use those bags, but don't bother with the prompt on the dashboard.",happiness
[NAME] lost her guitar canonically.,sadness
School Board Trustees are leeches of the system in any district. It's the most unnecessary position that does nothing more than continuous damage.,anger
"Hillbilly is preeetty badly deformed, and he's got a secret brother in his shoulder, referring to him as ""normal"" just ain't right.",sadness
Love it!,happiness
Yessir. And I live in Dallas. Stop being salty freefreebradshaw.,disgust
Try going outside for a long painful walk.,happiness
"It's amazing how people will tell you not to go for something, but then are the same ones who can't go 2 minutes without it.",anger
"Lmao I love this, I love speaking nonsense to myself as well.",happiness
Advocating for rape and torture of women on a whole and even inciting men to do it seems like it should break the rules.,happiness
"Just ""asking for a friend""...huh? ",surprise
"Yeah, The Donald seems to spread its purging mentality to most right leaning subreddits. Reminds me, I should get banned from r/theDonald again for quoting [NAME].",anger
I unfortunately can not afford a lawyer. Luckily the only thing that we shared is our daughter.,sadness
"Either way, I am afraid his marriage is over. She doesn't respect him anymore...",fear
What a waste of plastic.,anger
"Sorry this happened to you. id be sad and angry too if i worked hard on something, and someone took that away.",happiness
El oh el that was fucking funny.,happiness
"Free speech is between you and the government. I don't know exactly what Canary Mission is, but I don't think it is the US government.",surprise
Makes me feel better to live in the US.,happiness
[NAME] for sure.,happiness
An extreme strawman example doesn't change what I said.,happiness
"Watch ""Garfunkel and Oates - The Loophole"" if you haven't already.",happiness
"He doesnt, hes terrified, cries and hugs you. Basically one of the scariest scenes in TWD.",fear
I have a coworker that had a similar problem... turns out she needed surgery to clear out her sinuses. Once she had the surgery things improved significantly.,surprise
Hahaha so Im no longer going to worry about it then lol.,happiness
Its soooo cringy that I had to watch it again.,sadness
Exactly hate when people try to spit facts when they dont know if those facts are even right.,anger
Wait one of the posters responding is using makeup from ten years ago.,surprise
"Love the Cafe Zoetrope, such a charming place. Beautiful building too.",happiness
You do eat off them in very special situations.,happiness
R/suddenlytrans? This is totally a joke I'd make if I grew.,happiness
"I repent. I repent. Oh [NAME] [NAME], I do repent.",sadness
How ignorant of to care about the safety and well-being of others! Shame!,disgust
"I'm underweight anyways, somebody hand me an English to (whatever language) translation book.",sadness
Shes so cute!,happiness
I'd get the call of the void way too hard here.,sadness
"Is that you, [NAME]?",happiness
"Exactly. I have yet to see a plus sized model without a blemish-free, conventionally attractive face.",happiness
"One of the most reasonable comments I've ever read on the site (sad, right?). Salute to you.",happiness
"2010 offseason, thought we'd get [NAME], ended up with [NAME] for 100 mil. we still talking about the knicks. fun to dream tho.",happiness
Ssssssssssssssshhhhhhhhhhhh just give this one to me it's been a weird day.,sadness
"They have a local government which governs their reserve, which is elected democratically. Its their government, it represents them not anyone who is non-indigenous.",surprise
"I prefer to pay for my hugs, higher quality.",happiness
"West Hartford, CT. Unfortunately it's not religious. Thank you for the response.",sadness
I want [NAME] to bite me.,happiness
Love [NAME]. Amazing beaches!,happiness
Maybe crazy dude is looking to bring water to [NAME] in the 90s-set Fresh Off the Boat. Something about [NAME] does it for me too. /s.,happiness
The f****** voice of the unsolved mysteries guy.,happiness
2 games damn what was in them burgers.,happiness
Right [NAME] Im going to have to ask you to stop arguing with your other Reddit account [NAME] in every bastarding thread.,anger
Think you need more gin with it and you will be alright next time.,happiness
"I dont know, I think we all just blunder through. ",surprise
I've been working in engineering jobs for years and I'm not licensed. I don't think most of my former classmates got their license either.,sadness
"Wow, the video is a lot worse than I thought. His actions after he asks for the age is very uncomfortable. ",sadness
"See i was kinda right in the first verse, thanks aha.",happiness
"It was great, and it still is.",happiness
But I was told that sub was for civil discussion!!!,surprise
Way to go!! Thats something I hope to be able to do some time in my life again.,happiness
They wanted me to talk directly to them but I've been refusing. I hope our relationship improves quickly. I really do. Thanks.,disgust
No. No it isn't. Its a bad sitcom joke.,disgust
Agree! 60 new shoppers in Columbus I think is why. I removed Chillicothe and all those once but they came back. I am not going there!,anger
I love you.,happiness
"Oh, right -- hospital scene faxing the sketch of [NAME]? I just realized.",surprise
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry.,sadness
Sometimes i look up at the stars and i wonder if [NAME] is masterbating to our conversation somewhere out there.,anger
No man don't you see!? People just change genders all the time and celebrate how fun it is! ^^^/s.,happiness
That's some legendary teamwork exhibited right there.,happiness
I wanna learn how to sharpen a knife where I can basically shave vegetables like that.,happiness
"Oh, you had me worried there! Still if it doesn't then what can you do I suppose.",fear
You almost blew my fucking mind there.,anger
What a fucking bozo.,anger
"Oh weird, the money I make is taxed when I earn it and then it gets taxed when I spend it.",sadness
I am so sorry for your loss and all the stress you have right now. All the internet hugs you want right now! <3.,happiness
Exercising. Yoga. Meditation. Walks out by myself. ( walking meditation) Good friends. Time with good friends.,happiness
So I cant do anything about it now?,happiness
"I will, eventually. Thank you for the kind words.",happiness
Funny way to oppose fascism - since they are themselves fascists.,happiness
"Yeah fair, plus this sub tends to go hard in different directions so it becomes extra hard to know if someone really is just that far gone.",surprise
Yup. How sad is it to admit I'm jealous of the ravens run game and defense ,sadness
Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME].,disgust
"Ok, will do man! Thanks. Edit: I forgot to mention I heard her asking one of my friends about me and it sounded like she definitely likes me ",happiness
Very irony based.,happiness
"Yeah.. like 30ish BBs deep I dont think about it twice, just re-jam and be a sad boy. But we are so fucking deep...",surprise
"Picturing you sneezing and banging your head made me laugh so hard! THAT'S WHAT YOU GET! Now, pipe down.",happiness
"I'll say no thanks to endangering others in traffic. And miss me with the ""I drive better while high""",disgust
Except it destroyed 76% of America's scooby snack production. May Shagster have mercy on us all.,surprise
The comments under that video are disturbing. People actually see this as a sign of the end of times.,anger
No is just apologize and explain the situation.,disgust
Is your face chubby (but not too chubby!!!).,surprise
Goddamn Im excited about this football team!,happiness
I turned the news on around 6 this morning and have never been so happy to have a commute of 4 miles to my job.,sadness
That would be cool.,happiness
"Besides, you have no clue which ones I have and haven't done. ",happiness
>like if onions made porn Lmaoooo ,happiness
"I don't know, I was to busy getting annoyed by [NAME] whiny entitlement to dislike [NAME].",anger
We will probably get our chance again next episode without [NAME] becoming a psychopath.,anger
"Yeah, this just sounds like the usual Seattle understatement.",happiness
"I think dogs should vote!! It's alright. We're your friends now. Cheers, pal!",anger
I want to see this happen simply because it makes no sense.,happiness
"Exactly what I was thinking. ""Oh, I'm sorry, let me just undo that for you then""",happiness
Why are you comparing third world countries to a first world one? This speaks volume about the lack of a proper argument.,happiness
Mmmm looks like some delicious asbestos tile being rubbed there.,happiness
Ah good call - I dont plan to take submissions for that reason.,happiness
Honestly i have no clue. Just got my feelings hurt by the mean things he was saying to nurk and wanted to cyberbully him in response.,sadness
I imagined this whole scene in my head with you played by a young [NAME]. Brilliant.,happiness
I cant stop staring at the boobs.,happiness
"Wow, that really hurts coming from a demented troll sockpuppets brigading me on this sub.",anger
"When I worked in salon, we could never wear flip flops because of hair splinters.",anger
Oh lawd he comin. What a c h o n k.,disgust
Deflections don't help your cause.,disgust
I'm just now realizing that I married a covert narc.,surprise
And hes also a military veteran with a troubled past whos now part of a religious cult ,happiness
About as serious as my plans to marry a porn star and retire to the Bahamas.,happiness
"My god, [NAME]!",surprise
It's showtime!!,happiness
Violife and follow your heart I made a cheese board for my dairy loving family and they couldnt believe it!,sadness
"Pretty sure this is someone with a disorder, not a hangover. ",happiness
Bet Highland Council are sorry they sold their bunker last year.,sadness
Get out more. Make more friends and better friends. Dont self-harm. Write my journal more often.,happiness
Of course you can. Wear a racist T-shirt for a day and see what happens.,happiness
Damn [NAME] is KILLING it.,happiness
"Was looking for this comment, thank you! Every so often someone will freak out over dilated pupils and post a pic here.",happiness
[NAME]? I really want to but never have. I hear it can help with depression a bit.,sadness
"Id say her knee is more done, ankle looks ok but Im n doctor lol.",happiness
Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME].,anger
"The constant pressure definitely isn't helping. I'm already on anti-depressants, but I am terrified of PPD.",sadness
And you know they never grow out of that...I hate people. Myself included.,anger
"Love ya bro, i just love how positive you are!",happiness
This is beautiful.,happiness
"I feel like people kind of just... forgot about it, somehow? I watched the whole thing and it was a really really fun one.",sadness
"You're not [NAME] about your joke, good pun there mate.",disgust
Her attempts to be edgy fall flat are incredibly cringeworthy.,sadness
I wish I could believe in myself.,happiness
Ugh yes. And dont even get me started about those conveniently placed guitars to calm a victims nerves beforehand.,fear
This is an interesting opinion that I want to brainstorm some more. I'd like to see a study on how global warming would affect Canada's habitability.,happiness
I dont think we want some sort of incest plot arising here.,disgust
ITS A GOOD BOI!!,happiness
Can't fire everyone if everyone is on strike.,surprise
"Just spitballing here, but im pretty sure he likes basketball. Really weird, i know.",happiness
